# Epilogue: Rimuru|Disappears

As I was leading Milim to the Barren Lands, a bad feeling developed in the pit of my stomach.
I thought of something awful.
I wondered if my current actions could be exactly what Feldway had intended.
It was a feeling that I had realized only because I was often moved according to Ciel-san's will.
No, rather, I think it's just a hunch...

I had doubts about the situation because there was only one possible destination.
If someone wanted to guide me somewhere---it was Heaven's Tower, that's for sure.

After all, inside that tower was a relic of god so strong that even Michael's attack had been completely blocked. The surrounding Desert of Death also served the purpose of preventing further damage from Milim.
It was too bad for Dagruel, but it was also convenient that we were now on hostile terms. After all, doing this would no longer hurt my conscience.

No, I still felt sorry for him, but I also felt that it was inevitable since we were enemies. That's why, I could accept this as a force majeure.
Therefore, Heaven's Tower was the only place to lead Milim, but he didn't see through that, did he?
*No, I'm thinking too much...*

![break]

<<...No way.>>

![break]

I didn't think that Feldway would exceed Ciel-san's expectations either.
After all, even the battle just now was a feat that could not have been accomplished without Zalario's cooperation, and there was no way that he could have foreseen that much.
If he had known that Zalario would betray him, he could have done something else...

Hmm, there was no use in worrying here, but this icky sensation wouldn't leave me alone.
I was feeling a bit uncomfortable, but I was not sure if it was purely from overthinking it.

![break]

Then I received a nasty report from Ramiris.

<Hey Rimuru, I'm in trouble!!>

*Yes, yes, I'm in trouble too,* is how I was about to reply, but Ramiris continued faster than I could respond.

<Dino-chan and his friends are attacking us! We're ready to intercept them, but I'm worried because Master isn't here!>

Ahh, I hate this so much.
If I hadn't asked Veldora, I would have still been in the Suspended World. Dagruel's power was as strong as that of True Dragon, so he seemed to be able to stop time for quite a long while.
If I had let Milim run amok in such a state, the Sacred Tree would have been destroyed long ago, and there was no way to know what the repercussions would have been.
That's why my judgment must have been right, but...

<All I can say is *good luck*.>

<Hold on, that's not the kind of answer I'm looking for, you know?>

<No, I do understand. But, you know, I'm also desperately trying to deal with Milim right now...>

<I can't even reach Benimaru either! That's why, if you don't come back soon, I'll be in trouble too.>

I understood that Ramiris was worried.
The reason why she couldn't contact Benimaru was probably because he had pushed himself too hard. I had confirmed that he was safe, so I believed he would recover soon as there was nothing wrong with his body.

<Anyway, do your best and hang in there for a while!>

<I understand, but really, please come back soon...>

After much grumbling and complaining, the communication with Ramiris finally ended.
I wished she would be more considerate of me. However, it was true that this was no time for jokes.
The battle between Guy and Velzard was still going on without any intervention.
There was an intruder in the labyrinth and the battle was likely about to intensify.
Milim was still running rampant, and I didn't even have a clue of how to stop her.

![break]

<<If only someone could deal with Milim even for just a few moments, then she could be stopped by the Regalia Dominion...>>

![break]

I didn't like the idea of that on a personal level, but it couldn't be helped in the worst-case scenario. That said, I was in trouble because there was no one here to stop her.
Just canceling Feldway's order had exhausted Benimaru to the point of collapse. Even if I asked him to do the same thing again, it would be impossible until he regained his strength.

Or rather, from this situation, it felt as if the attacker was responding appropriately after seeing our movements. Even though the attacker had the advantage, I didn't expect it to be so one-sided.
I needed to find an opportunity to counterattack somehow---although it may seem like I had enough time on my hands if I was thinking this way, I really wasn't ready for Milim's onslaught.
Directing her here meant being targeted by Milim.
There was no way I could afford to do anything about Feldway, so I tried my best to neutralize Milim's attacks, aiming for Heaven's Tower.

Finally, it came into view.
Heaven's Tower' should be able to withstand Milim's attacks. Once I was inside the tower, I should feel a little better.
But sadly, the worse a premonition was, the more likely it was to be correct.

"I've been waiting for you, Demon Lord Rimuru."

While I was matched up against Milim, a voice from the heavens reached my ears.
It was the malevolent voice of Feldway descending to the ground.

"Damn it, you really were aiming for this!!"

I clicked my tongue, but it was already too late.
Before I could think about what to do, Ciel-san rushed to warn me.

![break]

<<Withdraw from this place immediately!>>

![break]

Based on its unusual appearance, there was no doubt that this was an emergency situation.
Although it was saying "withdraw", it really meant to say, "run away".
As much as I wanted to do so, I couldn't.

Because I was facing Milim.
This situation is exactly what Feldway intended.
It's the worst.

The reason I was not panicking was because I could perfectly read what was going to happen next.
Feldway's next move was:

"Now then, Milim! Follow me once again, 'Regalia Dominion'!!"

Ah, I knew it.
Without any hesitation, he performed the final move I had been worried about for a while now. Milim lost her strength. From the looks of it, it seemed that Feldway had taken control of her once again.
It was good that Milim's rampage had been stopped, but I was sure that the brunt of it would be directed towards me---this is what they call a "checkmate", right?
If I had to battle against Milim in addition to Feldway, there was no chance for me to win.

"Quit messing around, you coward!!"

I didn't care if he thought I was a sore loser or a whiner, but I at least wanted to complain.
Feldway looked down at me and laughed.

"How unsightly^[A moment of silence for the OG raw MTL: *"You're a pussy, Demon Lord Rimuru."*], Demon Lord Rimuru. You're in my way, so I'm going to ask you to disappear now."

Perhaps he wasn't laughing at me but acknowledging me.
Because Feldway had run away from a showdown with me.
I was sure that Feldway, who had acquired Milim as a pawn, would try to defeat me two-on-one, but surprisingly, that didn't happen.

![break]

"Blast off to the end of time and space: 'Chrono-Saltation'!"

![break]

It was a familiar phenomenon.
It was the same attack that had wiped Velgrynd-san off the face of this world only a short time ago---with that in mind, my consciousness black out.
I was transported by Feldway's space-time transfer to some unknown place, where the past, the future, and the present were all uncertain.
