# Epilogue: Evolving Malice

Feeling a great surge of power, it opened its eyes dimly. All it could see were the little people who always got in its way. The being that stood before it was eradicating the swarm of them. It was a force that even it---the World-destroying Dragon Ivarage could not ignore, and the carnage ended in the blink of an eye. The victor---Michael, had left the scene without paying a single thought to Ivarage.

A little uncomfortable with this, Ivarage moved slowly and walked over to the site of the battle. The remains of those who had fought against him for so many years. He unconsciously spoke of the many corpses floating there. Fools who launched feeble attacks that didn't even itch. Nevertheless, they were comforting to Ivarage's endless boredom. It was probably because he felt that their deaths were a bit of a waste that he took such a futile action. However---

Such a mere whim brought about an incredible change in Ivarage. Ivarage, a being without intelligence, without reason, and who had done nothing but carry out destructive actions out of instinct, was now imbued with an emotion. Until now, Ivarage's only purpose in life had been the urge to destroy. But in that moment, he felt hatred. It was the germination of an intellect and an emotion. Even the gods could not have foreseen that the grudges of those who were destroyed by Michael would provoke Ivarage.

Moreover, the transformation did not stop there. As a result of taking in more than ten thousand souls, Ivarage had entered a time of evolution.

No.

It should be said that the time had arrived. The evil god would be reborn as an incarnation of malice. More cunning, more evil, and more intent with the goal of destroying the world. Just before it began---the evolution into an evil god, the Halloween Carnival---Ivarage did indeed see it. Michael had left, and the gate to the other world had opened. Looking forward to it, Ivarage fell asleep. What was beyond that gate? And what joyous events awaited him there...

And... And, was there an enemy worthy of this hatred, Ivarage wondered, his heart almost bursting with anticipation. These were new emotions; desires he should never have had. But it was too late. The day of awakening of the dreaming evil god was near.