# Prologue: Scorch Dragon|versus|Storm Dragon

For Veldora, this was most definitely not a good day.

In preparation for the invasion of the Imperial Army, the entire capital city had been moved into isolation in the labyrinth, leaving only an empty plane of nothingness where the city had once stood. Against this backdrop, the image of a beautiful woman in flight stood out prominently on the monitor.

"S-sister..." Veldora thoughtlessly muttered. His voice lacked power, which was unthinkable to those familiar with Veldora's usual demeanor.

"P-perhaps," Charys asked, "could that be your famed elder sister...Velgrynd-sama?"

"M-mm...that's right. That is my sister Velgrynd, one of the supreme True Dragons...Scorch Dragon Velgrynd."

Upon hearing this, the remaining people in the Control Room immediately took action, sounding the emergency alarms in the labyrinth and alerting everyone to the foreign presence.

"W-wait, Master?! What can we do when Rimuru isn't even here?" Ramiris panicked. Although she was normally a bit helpful, all she could do at a time like this was raise a ruckus. Research was one thing, but Ramiris had no place in a battle.

However, Ramiris had a group of friends that she could rely on---there were the labyrinth managers, Treyni and her sisters, along with their subordinates, the dryads. She also had Beretta. Although no longer a part of the Dungeon's Elite Ten, he was still the Dungeon Master. However, the most dire circumstance was that half of the Elite Ten, who would normally spearhead the defense in a situation like this, were currently in a state of evolutionary slumber. Therefore, Beretta, as the former leader, had to do his best to protect Ramiris.

"She doesn't look friendly. We shall meet her inside the labyrinth."

Treyni and the others had already assessed the situation at each level, and Beretta confirmed it.

Of the Dungeon's Elite Ten, only the Four Great Dragon Kings were still awake. Gadra was also awake, but absent, as he had taken the Demon Colossus and was on his way to reinforce the Armed Nation of Dwargon.

Beretta's reasoning was that, although they were not strong enough to fight against Velgrynd, even their reduced force should be able to stall for time by using labyrinth's perfect defenses.

Veldora nodded in response. "I don't know what she is doing here, but it was foolish to come alone. With all of you here, so there is nothing to be afraid of! Kuahahaha!" he laughed bullishly with a smile, yet his expression was tense. He was clearly afraid. Just a day ago Veldora had been tossed around by his elder sister Velzard. The memory was still fresh in his mind, and now his younger sister Velgrynd was single-handedly attacking the central city of Rimuru, the capital of the Jura-Tempest Federation.

Veldora found the whole situation outrageous, and desperately wracked his brain, hoping to somehow find a way out. So he immediately jumped at Beretta's suggestion.

But at that moment...

<Veldora, be a good boy and come out quietly.>

Velgrynd's mouth moved on the monitor, and her voice echoed in his mind in the form of a thought. To Veldora, it felt as though her gaze was fixed on him even through the monitor.

"Veldora-sama...?"

"Charys, this is not me being scared! This is a trap. If I go out there carelessly, I will surely get screwed over!"

"Y-yes..."

Veldora's shameless remark left Charys speechless.

"Huh? If it's Master she's after, then this has nothing to do with us---Mmph!!"

Ramiris, who flamboyantly tried to avoid the crisis, was unwillingly cut off mid-sentence when Veldora's hand covered her mouth.

And with that, everyone had to prepare to fight to the end...

"I see, so you're not going to come out? You're just as stupid as you always were, aren't you? Fine. In that case, I'll just give you a gentle warning."

From the monitor, it was hard to tell what Velgrynd was saying. But everyone in the room understood that the mood had changed.

Veldora heard her loud and clear, and he could tell that Velgrynd was planning something. But---

*No, it's okay. Ramiris built her labyrinth using superior power that can isolate even dimensions. Defeating it would be a difficult task even for me. No matter what she does, she can't touch me as long as I stay here.*

That's right. As long as one was in the labyrinth, escaping from Velgrynd was possible. A level or two may be breached, but Ramiris' restorative powers were greater than any destructive force. With Veldora's help, it should not be impossible to keep Velgrynd at bay.

"No need to fear. As long as you and I work together, no matter who the opponent is---" Veldora tried to explain, but he didn't get a chance to finish his sentence, as Velgrynd suddenly summoned a crimson spear in her hand.

"Ma-Master! This is bad. If we don't do something, even 'Labyrinth Creation' might not be able to protect us!"

*That goes without saying*---Veldora thought.

"I know! Everybody, prepare for impact!!"

No one needed a second warning. Everyone immediately took a defensive stance, and moments later a violent onslaught assaulted the labyrinth.

"N-no way..."

"I've confirmed that the damage has spread to the fiftieth floor...the upper floors have been destroyed."

Alpha and Beta kept reporting damage one after another. At that moment, the myth about the labyrinth's absolute safety completely collapsed. Just as Veldora was starting to let fear give way to full blown panic, he received a 'Telepathy Net' from Rimuru.

<Hey... How are you?> Rimuru asked in a leisurely voice.

Veldora replied indignantly, <Fool, this is not the time for that! We're in big trouble!! Sister...my sister is coming after me. She is currently outside the labyrinth, but if things continue like this, she'll get to us!!>

*This is Rimuru, he of all people can certainly do something.*

Believing this, Veldora waited for an answer, and after a moment he received Rimuru's worried response, <*Are you all right?>*

Upon hearing this, Veldora understood that Rimuru must have a lot on his plate as well. Otherwise, he would have come back immediately. He couldn't rely on Rimuru's help.

*I see how it is.*

Veldora's naïveté then disappeared. He realized that if he could not rely on Rimuru, then he would just have to go himself.

<I have no choice but to go out myself. It's better than being attacked inside the labyrinth.>

*I think I can do it*---Veldora thought so without any basis.

Despite his best attempts to block it out, he couldn't forget Rimuru's demanding training regimen. If he could survive that kind of training, then he shouldn't lose to anyone, not even Velgrynd.

<I will take full responsibility, so I want you to take care of Velgrynd. Can I ask this of you?>

Rimuru also did not seem to think that Veldora would lose.

If Rimuru says he will take full responsibility, it means that he will not be angry no matter how much destruction Veldora causes. If Veldora took that into account, it was like being told to show off the fruits of his training.

Now that Rimuru had asked this of him, there was only one answer to give.

<Oh? If that's the case, then just leave it to me! Kuahahahaha!!!>

With that, Veldora turned his attention back to Velgrynd. The chat with Rimuru had brought him back to his usual mindset. Veldora felt himself quickly calming down.

"I guess I have no choice but to deal with her myself," Veldora said in a relaxed manner.

"Master?"

"Veldora-sama?!"

Ramiris and Beretta looked at Veldora in surprise. Veldora looked refreshed, as if all anxiety had been blown away.

"Kuahahaha! I don't like the idea of fighting my sister, either. But if the labyrinth cannot be used to buy time, there's no other way."

"But---"

"It's all right, Charys. Immortality in the labyrinth is possible only because it is an isolated space. Now that it is known that it will not work in front of my sister, the only way to minimize the damage is for me to go out there."

Veldora would be indestructible as long as Rimuru was alive and well. The only way to avoid casualties was for Veldora to go.

"In that case, I will go with you."

"No, don't. Even though you have become stronger, you are still completely incomparable to me. Perhaps Zegion might be, but any others will only slow me down."

It was a harsh statement, but it was the truth. And Veldora's mind was made up. Veldora put on a dignified expression that almost made his companions forget his shameful behavior to this point.

"Are you sure you're okay with it, Master?"

"Hell no! Just thinking about how my sister has treated me makes me shudder... But never mind. I've grown stronger. Since meeting Rimuru, I have grown. I have taken on disciples and realized my past immaturity. I am not who I used to be. Kuahahahahah!"

Veldora forced a laugh, lifting the mood and returning him to his normal self.

"Don't fret. Just watch me in all my glory!"

With that, he left the labyrinth alone.

![break]

Veldora recalled his past battle with Velzard. After such a long time, his older sister seemed to have grown much more powerful---almost infallible---compared to before. She now projected an aura that the old Veldora could not comprehend. However, since he met Rimuru, Veldora, too, had grown to a completely new level.

The crowning achievement of his hard work was his Ultimate Skill. While he was sealed away, he had observed Rimuru from inside the 'Stomach' and learned many things. And then, locked away in that dark void, he realized: power is meaningful only when mastered. Veldora had a huge amount of magicules, the largest amount of all the True Dragons. It was precisely because he possessed more magicules than his two elder sisters that he was able to claim to be the strongest without much effort.

But he realized his own naivete. He had learned that there were those who were weaker, but who never gave up on victory until the end. Rimuru was like that. Many of his opponents were like that too---such as Hinata, Granbell, and Demon Lord Luminas. They didn't just rely on power to achieve victory, but also on their instinctual drive to win by any means necessary. Those are the people against whom you can never let down your guard.

This realization prompted a change in Veldora, evidenced by the fact that even Velzard could no longer unilaterally dominate him.

Velzard was Veldora's natural enemy. In terms of power compatibility and nature, she was a very bad match up. Velzard, who was the eldest of the three siblings, had a maximum power he couldn't even fathom. Despite his higher magicule count, he could barely cope when fighting against her. It was as though his magicule count provided no advantage at all. Even if he fought to the best of his ability, he could not hope for victory.

Veldora had tried to fight Velzard several times since he was born, but he was beaten back every time. Velzard's 'Eternal World' was an ironclad defense and a weapon that sealed off Veldora's movements.

Storm, Destruction, Corrosion, Annihilation.

All of these effects had no effect in the face of an *absolute stop*. Veldora himself was surprised that he had even been able to take on such a fearsome sister.

*Way to go, me!*

He psyched himself up. After all, he noticed that his sister Velzard was able to perfectly suppress her mana release, only because Veldora himself was able to control his own mana. The difference in proficiency between them was too great to compare. One reason may be that Velzard's power was specialized in stopping kinetic energy, but even so, there was no doubt that there was a huge difference in their abilities.

Velzard was a supreme talent, so Veldora was surprised to hear her praise his progress.

*"Well, I'm surprised. The Veldora-chan who used to do nothing but rampage is actually able to think and fight. At this rate, I might not have to destroy you anymore."*

The subtext was disturbing, no doubt, but overall it was an unmistakable compliment. Though still terrified, Veldora found himself a little less so after hearing his sister's compliment.

That said, he still couldn't beat her...

![break]

So, what about Velgrynd?

Velzard and Velgrynd were almost evenly matched. Neither of them had been good sisters to Veldora, and he really did not want to deal with them if he could avoid it. Of course, this time he had no choice.

"Sister Velgrynd, you are as fierce as ever. Even I can't easily pierce through the levels of the labyrinth like that..."

He could probably destroy one or two levels by force if he distorted the labyrinth's isolated dimension. However, he definitely could not penetrate multiple layers at once, even when cranking out as many magicules as possible.

"This fight will turn on how we each use our Ultimate Skill---if I want to fight my sister properly, I will have to make skillful use of 'Investigation King Faust'."

Yes. If one compared only the amount of magicules, Veldora was superior to Velgrynd. So this was still a little better than having to deal with Velzard, Veldora assured himself in order to mollify his mental trauma. Victory and defeat will definitely hinge on how well he used his power. Though neither of them had ever gone all out when they fought in the past, Velgrynd had the edge in skill in each of those confrontations.

But that was a long time ago. Velzard was difficult to beat because of her natural affinity, but that was not the case with Velgrynd. And now, thanks to Rimuru, Veldora has his own Ultimate Skill, 'Investigation King Faust'.

If this power worked against Velzard, then Veldora felt that he had nothing to fear, even against Velgrynd. That thought motivated Veldora.

*Kuahahahahaha! I haven't lost just yet, right? However things go from here, I plan to test my power to the fullest against my sister!!!*

Having steeled his resolve, Veldora stood toe to toe with Velgrynd.


![soft scene break]


The two True Dragons, each in human form, stood perfectly still in the sky, glaring at each other.

"So you got the message? Clever. That means you'll help me, right?"

Velgrynd let out a beaming smile as soon as she saw Veldora.

"I'm sorry to disappoint, Sister, but I refuse. I am not a tool for you to use. I would appreciate it if you did not drag me into your sisterly quarrels."

"That's harsh. I'm just saying that I'd welcome you as a companion if you willingly cooperate. If you do, I'll teach you how to use your powers and allow you to run wild all you want as long as I can choose the location."

"Kuahahaha! You have my answer, Sister. I am not the same person I used to be. I have already mastered my power. And it's no longer fun for me to aimlessly rampage. I'm a grown-up now! A mature adult!"

"Cheeky. Did I spoil you too much? Fine. In that case, let me see just how much you've grown up!"

Veldora's slight provocation was all it took to get Velgrynd going. Seeing this, Veldora shifted into a fighting stance. It never crossed Velgrynd's mind that Veldora might obey her orders after a few kind words. She understood that with her brother, she had to demonstrate her strength and make him obey. If that didn't work, she would simply ask Rudra to take control of him once he was weakened. She had made the offer only out of the goodness of her heart.

Velgrynd, feeling mildly annoyed at her brother's obstinance, swiftly unleashed a thrust at Veldora. She intended to quickly weaken Veldora and wait for Rudra to arrive. However, the blade on her right hand was easily deflected by Veldora. Not only that, but he immediately answered back with a kick. Velgrynd, while frustrated, caught the kick with her left hand, but---

*How?! This kind of power, no matter how you think about it, is not from someone in a weakened state!!*

Velgrynd still believed that Veldora had not fully recovered from the damage he had sustained while sealed for the past 300 years. This assumption stemmed from the fact that the Veldora she had known always used his power at the max right from the off. Now, after this opening exchange, she realized that she was wrong.

"Have you improved your skills a bit? Looks like you have something to brag about."

"My Veldora Style Killing Arts™ are undefeatable! Even you, Sister, will know your own powerlessness before these fists---W-wa-wait---Huah?!"

Veldora was about to make his smug speech, but Velgrynd didn't intend to listen quietly. In fact, she was annoyed, so she launched a series of violent attacks.

Red lotus flames dwelled in both of Velgrynd's fists as well as in the supple legs that extended from the hem of her dress. The graceful succession of dance-like moves was so full of fury that a grazing hit could burn an enemy to death.

Nevertheless, Veldora held his ground.

"Aaah hot, h-h-hot!!"

Even though Veldora looked pathetic running around, he had not suffered much damage.

"I disciplined you so much in the past, but it seems that you still haven't improved your sorry wits. You shouldn't talk so big, boasting about being invincible and undefeated right in front of me!"

Despite the burning intensity of her fury, Velgrynd remained calm. She saw that Veldora had not only fully recovered, but was also stronger than expected.

*This is troublesome. In this form, I can't take him on seriously nor do much damage. If this continues even Rudra won't be able to control him...*

Velgrynd's original intent was not to teach Veldora a lesson, but to control him. Once Rudra won the match against Guy, she would release him properly. But for now, she hoped that he could serve as an important pawn. Thus, for Velgrynd, there was no point in a small fight.

And then there was Veldora.

"Gwah?! My clothes... My clothes that Rimuru gave to me are now on fire because of you!!"

The clothes that Veldora was currently wearing had been a gift from Rimuru as a token of appreciation. That precious gift had been burned by Velgrynd's attack. Over time, as Veldora's aura seeped into the clothes, they would have become a part of his body. However, such a change doesn't happen in just a few days.

Although Veldora had not suffered much damage, his heart was aching. Ignoring the fact that he had chosen to wear his new clothes into battle, he focused on taking it out on his sister. And, as it turned out, that was a lucky turn for Veldora. His anger masked his fear. No matter how much he steeled his resolve, his two sisters had been symbols of terror to him for years, and that fear was deeply ingrained in his psyche. In that state, he really couldn't go all out if one of them was the opponent. But now, those shackles were broken.

"Even if you are my sister, I cannot forgive this. Prepare to feel my wrath!"

With a mighty shout, Veldora unleashed his power. A mighty and majestic jet-black dragon emerged.

Seeing this, Velgrynd snickered at the convenience.

"Huh? Are you too stupid to know what you're talking about? You seem to have forgotten the fundamental fact that you're no match for me, so I'll have to re-educate you."

With that, Velgrynd transformed as well. She transformed into a supple, beautiful crimson dragon.

![break]

So commenced the great battle of True Dragons.

