# Epilogue: Concluding|Meeting

It was near evening on the last day of the reception ceremony that we concluded our meeting with the tengu tribe. All the executives had gathered in the meeting room after a somewhat early dinner---I was looking forward to that part---and I wanted everyone to give a report on their recent activities on this rare occasion. I also invited certain guests to this meeting as well. There were Veldora and Ramiris, accompanied by her servants Beretta and Treyni-san. Milim would be officially visiting in three days. Fearing the reveal of her recent activities, she quickly returned. It was a smart move considering there was no telling whether Frey would scold Milim or not, but keeping Milim in this town would definitely anger her. I didn't really want to get involved in that whole mess.

![break]

Right, there's, however, one more guest---

![break]

"I want to introduce someone before the meeting starts. He is a candidate for an executive position, Myourmiles-kun. If the Founding Festival in three days goes without a hitch, I plan to officially appoint him as the Minister of Finance (Head of Financial Management Department). I hope everyone can get acquainted with him beforehand," I declared, since everyone was here, might as well take the chance to introduce him. Myourmiles could also summarize the whole ordeal regarding the festival and gave his explanation...

"I-I am Gard Myourmiles. I am quite nervous right now given the important duty assigned to me by Rimuru-sama. Nonetheless, I hope to have a good relationship with all executives in the future."

Myourmiles was quite obese, so he didn't look tense at all and it was bold of him to have greeted them so daringly. That being said, he did look more nervous than usual. Despite being a boss in the underworld, he couldn't use that status nearly as effectively when dealing with actual Greater Majins. After introducing him to everyone, Myourmiles was seated next to Rigurd, and we cut straight to the chase.

"Then, Myourmiles-kun, could I trouble you to explain the situation to everyone?"

"Roger that. I'll do my best with my limited ability---"

![break]

Upon my instruction, he stood up to explain how the Founding Festival would be run. Two days from now, on the evening before the Founding Festival, the town would celebrate the eve of the festival. The guests would consist not only of those invited to the main festival, but also the visiting merchants and adventurers responsible for protecting them. We planned to offer free meals and wine to these visitors.

Of course, this event would be announced to the public, so we could expect some peasants from the neighboring countries to be coming as well. Since they might very well be our future customers, we would have to welcome them with open arms.

As for the guest hotel, we would be hosting a night feast there for any royalty and nobles. Regarding the dishes that would be served to said elite, they would be made between Shuna and Yoshida-san. Since most of the food prepared by them would likely be new cuisine, I was also looking forward to it. Further, we had changed the feast serving style to that of a buffet so everyone could try a wider variety of cuisines without needing to eat too much.

![break]

Now regarding the main event, i.e. the Founding Festival.

I would be giving a speech on stage in the morning. I had thought through this over and over, and I came to the conclusion that we couldn't skip this part considering that I was going to announce to the public that I had become a demon lord. And since all my executives and guests here were aware of the situation, my proposal was approved.

Next, we would be hosting a martial tournament at the colosseum. But we didn't plan to just let them stand there and enjoy the one competition. After all, it was our priority to let the other nations and towns get to know our country as more than just violent, so we couldn't have them stick ~~to the web novel and have the readers read a boring ass tournament arc from start to finish~~ around to only watch the tournament from start to finish.

That's why we also planned to perform music pieces at the recently built, classy opera house for them to enjoy. As for what type of program would be shown there; I have no clue. While I was somewhat worried about it, Myourmiles was very confident.

"---I will use the opportunity to show everyone that Rimuru-sama is also a man of culture."

A cunning grin emerged on Myourmiles's face while saying that. Almost as if she were playing along with his scheme, Shion seemed to be grinning as well. Could it be that...?

There's no use worrying about it. Myourmiles had already given me the guarantee, so I'd just take his word for it. After everyone finished lunch, we would be holding a technological presentation at the museum. Gabil and Vesta would be explaining the history of the healing potion to everyone; Kurobee and Garm would be showcasing various pieces of gear.

![break]

By the way, the opera house and museum would only be open for civilian use on the second day of the festival. On the first day, we would only be allowing royalty or nobility in. After all, there would be security concerns, so it was most effective to separate the two groups of visitors.

![break]

And then for the second day:

We would be watching the main contestants (after the elimination round) of the tournament. Then, in the afternoon we planned to be hosting a delightful festival of cultural exchange---an activity in name only, which was basically just to serve as an excuse for free roaming.

I would be staying at the VIP section of the colosseum, ready to discuss any matters brought forth by whomever wanted to meet me. Myourmiles would be in charge of moderating this part, so all I needed to do was relax and enjoy the tournament. We would be assigning guides to guests based on the number of invitations, so we hoped everyone would be able to shop and have fun during the festival, visit and savor our exceptional hot spring street or finish viewing the tournament. It would be wonderful if everyone had an excellent experience.

![break]

And on the third day, we would be displaying the highly anticipated labyrinth available to the public. In the morning they could watch the finale of the tournament, and in the afternoon, they could watch an adventurer's walkthrough of the labyrinth.

"Even without me, you guys were still able to build an absolutely majestic colosseum," Geld remarked, relieved. He was quite reassured to find that there were suitable successors for him.

"Indeed. You and Mildo's apprentice Gobkyu worked hard to build it. It doesn't look rushed at all, and its durability also appears to be quite decent. Although, while it might be a different case if the executives dueled each other, it is more than enough for individuals below Rank A to battle."

In terms of safety, the colosseum was at the level where it should be able to stand up against Greater Spirits such as the Flame Giant Ifirit. But it probably wouldn't be able to hold if hit in some particularly weak spots. Not to worry though, I would be present on the day of the main event and planned to apply a thin barrier of 'Absolute Defense' just in case. That's why, as long as nothing too major happened, the audience should all be safe and sound.

![break]

"GAHAHAHA! By the way, I've also come up with the ultimate flavor with my takoyaki! Everyone should look forward to it!"

![break]

Ah, so he hadn't forgotten about it. Given that his spirit to open a store was so high, we could only have him participate with his identity hidden. Speaking of which, for some reason Myourmiles had become remarkably acquainted with Veldora. He had been receiving many difficult tasks, aka. favors, from Veldora, but now he seemed to have gotten used to dealing with that dragon. Myourmiles was really something else. It truly impressed me as this guy was far stronger than I previously imagined.

All right, that concluded the explanations.

![break]

Personnel who were previously on an expedition such as Diablo, Hakurou, and Geld appeared to be intrigued by the proceedings. Their unfortunate absence seemed to frustrate them a bit. I felt that I should give these three a bonus reward for their efforts. I'd give something to Geld when he finished his work, and as for Diablo and Hakurou, they'd already drafted the perfect battle plan.

With this in mind, I glanced around at my executives thoughtfully.

"Our plan is going smoothly; does anyone have any complaints?"

If not, we could move on to Souei's report---

"Yes!"

---But I reached that conclusion too fast apparently. Ramiris raised her hand, rather vigorously too. She appeared to have a question, but it was probably nothing significant.

"What is it, Ramiris-kun?"

"Ehh, I've got a question."

"That's what I just asked."

"It's about the bottom level of the labyrinth..."

Ramiris paused to take a peek at Veldora. It was followed by Veldora's loud laughter in an attempt to hide something.

"GAHAHAHA! No, there's nothing there. Nothing important at all! Isn't there a forest at level 95? For some reason, the forest has been growing and has now invaded all the way up to level 71," Veldora chortled, "Miscalculation, miscalculation!"

Floors 91 to 94 were already isolated from the outside, so it was not affected by the forest's take over, but the unprotected levels now looked like primal forests as the ventilation system for filtering magicules had been affected.

"Hold up hold up, now we have to clean all that up! That'll take ages!"

"Right. That's why I've come to discuss this with you!"

Ramiris had decided to just be frank about it. Even though the issue was quite baffling, this was entirely due to Veldora.

Despite already being the person at fault, Veldora dug his grave deeper with: "Not only that, there is another problem." While I didn't really want to ask, what has to be done has to be done.

With such a mindset, I queried, "...What is it?" yet Veldora's answer was rather surprising.

"We didn't find any suitable monsters to be level bosses. Which is a problem I need to discuss with you."

Fortunately, he wasn't asking about anything dumber.

Apparently, the forest consumed the labyrinth's magicules too quickly for any stronger monsters to be created. Which is probably why there hadn't been a monster born strong enough to be a boss of the bottom levels.

There *was* a Rank A monster---a tempest serpent that was now the lord of level 40. Initially, it was Veldora and Ramiris who argued that we shouldn't use trash like that for the position, but nowadays they wanted me to give it back to them, something I didn't plan to do.

"I want to rebuild the Elemental Colossus. That's why I'm hoping you can help prepare some materials for me."

"Just find a suitable lord candidate for me. Also, remember to clean the primal forest first."

![break]

"..."

![break]

I understood what Ramiris meant. We only planned to make the first 50 levels public this time, so we could think of ideas for that another time. As for Veldora's proposal, I didn't have to listen to him. Since there was still time, I'd tell him to figure out a way himself. But just as I was about to refuse---three voices were raised all at the same time:

"If that's the case, there are some pretty suitable candidates."

"Rimuru-sama, how about we hand the work to those people?"

"My master, there are indeed some pretty good candidates---"

They were Shuna, Treyni-san and Ranga.

Shuna said that wight, Adalmann, was suitable for the role. Hearing her comment, Gabil nodded in agreement.

"His subordinates are all afraid of light, so they like to stay in caves or places away from the sun. The inside of the labyrinth should be a pretty good place for them."

Aside from Adalmann, his subordinates couldn't leave the sealed cave at all. It was said that they came out to stroll at night, and whenever a merchant ran into them, they usually all came to complain. That's only natural; running into skeletons at night is guaranteed to make you piss yourself. Isolating them entirely in the labyrinth seemed like a good idea actually.

"Besides, that guy practically treats Rimuru-sama as God, which is pretty intolerable..." Shuna tacked on, rather annoyed.

They seemed to worship me as their god and considering Shuna was a miko-hime (shrine maiden), that probably *was* quite annoying. In that case, I decided to accept the proposal.

"Then let's have Adalmann as the boss of level 60. I'll start preparing the materials so Ramiris can go create an Elemental Colossus and I'll tell Adalmann to help as well."

"Is that okay?"

"Should be fine. That guy's specialty is knowledge. I think he can even help with researching."

"I understand. Thanks a lot, Rimuru!"

And so, the search for a monster lord in levels 60 and 70 had been resolved. Next, it was Treyni-san's turn to speak.

Since levels 71 to 80 had less vegetation, she asked for Zegion and Apito to guard the location.

"These two executives are able to summon their vassals (clansman), so exploration will be easier. Moreover---" she glanced at Ramiris and then turned to me.

"If we can get him, Zegion, he should be able to fill the role as the boss of level 80. After all, he did a great job protecting the treants before," Treyni-san said, smiling.

"I see..."

"Rimuru, that sounds perfect! Let me train that guy to become a warrior worthy of the title as the boss of level 80!"

Zegion indeed seemed stronger than I imagined. When I last checked on him, he had already grown stronger than the tempest serpent of level 40. But he was still just an insect, barely the size of a small animal!

*It would probably be pretty hard to train him... Never mind, all is well. I already know that Veldora is a weirdo anyway, so if he really wants to, sure.*

"Right. Then, we can just do it your way."

With my permission given, the problem was basically resolved instantly.

At last, we came to Ranga's suggestion. The big boy stuck his head out from my shadow to talk, "Master, the Youko (Monster Fox) that you left with me has awakened. It says that it really enjoys exploring the forest. I think it would be quite interested in managing it entirely."

A small cute fox sat on his head waving four golden tails behind it. That really was an adorable creature!

"Do you want to give it a try?"

"I would like to!"

The small fox nodded at me, eyes shining. Hmm, how cute indeed.

Since this small fox willingly accepted the job, I'd just hand it over to it. If it didn't meet our expectations, we would just have to get rid of the forest. Otherwise it could simply explore the forest for us and form animal passages within the labyrinth.

"All right, then---"

I suddenly realized that there was a problem, when it was under Clayman's rule, this small fox---Youko---previously known as the "Nine-Headed Beast" didn't actually have a name.

"Before that, let me give you a name. From today onward, you will be known as 'Kumara'."

Just like naming a pet, I thoughtlessly just gave it a name. But I am no idiot; I'd learnt the lesson about not losing massive amounts of magicule over naming. That's why I had already set a limit---eh, how strange?

My body suddenly felt exhausted. I couldn't help but get unnerved.

![break]

<<Notice. This is the effect of naming. Individual named "Kumara" has a massive pool of natural magicule storage. Thus, the magicule consumption of said action has "Exceeded Expectation".>>

![break]

I had been deceived by its miniature appearance. I now recalled it to be some super rare incredible monster. It seems I got careless. Moreover, after being named, Kumara grew almost instantaneously, and the number of its tails increased from four all the way up to nine. In its battle against Ranga, it had three tails. And all these tails were able to summon magic beasts^[The term here is again "magic beast" as opposed to "monster"] with special abilities. In other words, now it would probably be able to summon nine different beasts.

"Thank you, Rimuru-sama! I will do my best!"

Never mind, it's fine. Since I had already named it, I couldn't just undo it.

Either way, personally, I was safe and sound, so it seemed everything was within the control of Wisdom King Raphael-sensei. The way it announced "Exceeded Expectation" didn't sound shocked at all. It probably planned to transfer so many magicules from the beginning. Or else how could the newly named Kumara have grown another five tails?

![break]

<<...>>

![break]

*There's no use playing dumb. I've seen through it all!*

Kumara was absolutely delighted, so I'd hand levels 81 to 90 to it. After all, there shouldn't be many adventurers who would make it there, so it'd be fine to have Kumara as a monster lord. With that, the problems raised by Ramiris and Veldora had been resolved.

This labyrinth was our proud masterpiece, and the executives also seemed to be looking forward to it, so we had to ensure the whole program remained on the right track.

![break]

With that thought, I pet Kumara on the head.

![soft scene break]

Finally, it seemed that the report regarding the Founding Festival had now concluded. Next would be the investigation mission I assigned to Souei recently; let's hear the report.

"Then, Souei, I'll trouble you to do the briefing."

"Understood---"

Souei's findings turned out to be unbelievable and far outside my predictions.

![break]

A certain criminal organization called "Slave Trade Union" had been eliminated by the "Chosen Hero". Additionally, the noblemen associated with them were reported to authorities as well. Viscount Kazak from the Kingdom of Blumund had also been arrested.

"Even the towns near Ingracia have been spreading this news. The 'Slave Trade Union' is an international criminal organization. They possessed armed militia consisting of many slave warriors. They even had magic beasts and majins as slaves and their military power was said to be more than that of a small kingdom. But they were eliminated by the chosen hero and his companions---" a slight smirk emerged on Souei's face as he said so.

The Chosen Hero---"Shining" Masayuki, was said to be the most popular and allegedly strongest man within the Western Nations. It seemed that Hinata's crown as the strongest had been replaced since her defeat by my hands.

Did becoming known as a defeated foe of the demon lord mean that she was no longer worthy of carrying the hope of mankind? I felt somewhat sorry for Hinata; I hoped she wouldn't hate me for that.

Oh yeah, that aside, I needed to talk about this Masayuki. There was too little information so far to judge his personality and strength. But if his triumph over the "Slave Trade Union" and releasing elven slaves turned out to be true...

"It seems that several elves were captured by the trade union. Masayuki apparently is bringing them to our kingdom."

If that were the case, I'd better give him my thanks. However, the problem was...

"How about it, Rimuru-sama? Before things get dicey, should I go and take care of him?"

"---No, don't do that. I want to meet him. Maybe have a chat with him."

"Understood. That guy seems to be marching under the banner of 'Eliminating the demon lord', I was planning to show him who's the boss and let him know his place."

---Right, just as his words indicated, the Western Nations were all spreading the rumor that Masayuki was coming to eliminate me.

Souei smiled cruelly at my suggestion not to interfere. Speaking of which, as we were preparing the Founding Festival and dealing with such important national affairs, it would be very bad if we provoked the Chosen Hero. Not only Souei; but I was afraid that the two warmongers Shion and Diablo would act preemptively.

"When the Chosen Hero Masayuki comes here, let me handle things. Any action against him is forbidden, understand?"

" " "Understood!" " "

*You guys sure are enthusiastic. It's only three days until the Founding Festival, and already, we have a problem.*

The joyful atmosphere we worked so hard to build seemed to have been completely wiped out by the others. I felt a little frustrated.

![break]

Soon after, almost as if to blow away the tiny unease in my heart, the jolly festival unfolded.
