# Prologue: Progress|Report

"Talk about being mischievous, Granbell-sama. You almost got me killed out there."

"Surely you jest. Didn't you already flee before getting affected at all?"

"Can that really be helped? Have you not received the report from my subordinate?"

"I guess I did---"

"That demon was a monster beyond my imagination. It won't matter even if the Empire sends out their regular army. And judging from my knowledge, there wouldn't be a chance to win without using the Emperor's Royal Guard. By the way---"

Damrada and Granbell exchanged these lines. Sitting on chairs opposite each other, the two casually tried to pry into each other's minds.

Damrada, noticing that the battle plan had failed, decided to distance himself from the Rosso family until the tide settled. Negotiation could have been more favorable for him had the plan been a success. Yet now that it had failed, the Rosso may deliberately use this as an excuse to place obstacles before him. That's why Damrada wanted to bail out and start over.

However, the situation had changed. When Damrada was on his way to Tempest Federation, someone reported to him through 'Magic Communication'.

"Hinata was defeated. And she seemed to have made peace with the demon lord."

Among the many outcomes he had predicted, this was the worst possible scenario. Hinata was still alive and the Western Nations were still under the influence of the Western Holy Church. It would be far more difficult to do business there now. Moreover, since Hinata had made peace with Demon Lord Rimuru, it would be challenging to instigate Rimuru into trying to kill her again. Damrada only initiated the plan because his interests aligned with Granbell's, yet at that moment he could conclude that the plan had completely failed.

![break]

*But considering this from another perspective, it may be beneficial.*

Although the plan had failed, it didn't cause any grave loss to Damrada. While he may have lost a venue for business in the Western Nations, there were still other channels for making profits. Cerberus was a huge underground organization and had several trade unions as its cover.

Besides, Damrada had no interest in whether Hinata lived or not. That's why he wasn't that angry at Granbell's miscalculation. His goal here, in fact, was to exploit the outcome to secure a favorable position for himself in future negotiations.

Coming to that conclusion, Damrada changed his plan on the spot and decided to drop by to greet Granbell.

"---Granbell-sama's plan did sound a lot better in theory. While failing to take care of Hinata is one thing, allowing her to build a friendly relationship with Demon Lord Rimuru is another issue altogether..." Damrada reasoned, avoiding taking responsibility and shifting the blame upon Granbell's group.

However, Granbell had seen this coming.

"Right, I can't deny that," Granbell unapologetically agreed with Damrada's accusation, and continued to point out his perceptions of the situation. "This upset in the balance of power can't be reversed at this point in time. The great historic kingdom of Farmus will eventually fall, and a new kingdom will be built on its ruins. It will be all according to Demon Lord Rimuru's wishes, also meaning that your plan is a goner."

Damrada's silence was his response, agreeing with Granbell's views.

"What do you plan to do next then?"

"In regard to what exactly?"

"Demon Lord Rimuru's goal seems to be to turn the Jura Great Forest into an economic hub. It is something that us Rosso will not permit."

"Mmm-hmm..."

Damrada began to consider Granbell's words as he finished. He wasn't planning on being hostile with the Rosso either. It was in their mutual interest to let go of any resentment between them.

Granbell was of the same mind. Moreover, he seemed to be looking farther into the future than Damrada.

"Do we stand to gain anything with this in-fighting? Right now, we simply don't have the strength to make a blatant move against Demon Lord Rimuru or Hinata the Saint. Don't you agree?" Granbell continued, seemingly seeing through Damrada's thoughts.

"Hehehe. I've been totally bested, Granbell-sama. Yes indeed, there's no value in arguing as to who is to blame. We will continue our friendly relationship with the gentlemen of the Five Elders as always. Here's where I stand---though it may be true that we didn't profit from the war, that's a whole different story. As long as we live, we are left with opportunities."

"As expected of Damrada-dono; it's great that you are so reasonable. Then let's unite to prevent the emergence of a new trade bloc on that land."

There was no need for further explanation of Granbell's intent. He was trying to safeguard the power he wielded in the Western Nations. Granbell's trump card, Mariabell, had foreseen the birth of a new trade bloc centered around the Jura Great Forest. If left undealt, the influence of the Rosso would no doubt be diminished.

How could Granbell allow such a flaw after spending more than a thousand years building up this system of domination? For this reason, Granbell planned to crush this flaw by interfering with Demon Lord Rimuru. Right now, he was no longer part of the Seven Luminary Clerics and could no longer act under the name of the God Luminas. That's why, no matter what, he would require the aid of the organization Damrada's party belonged to---Cerberus.

Granbell's kin---the five other elders from his family---also supported this proposal. They each secretly influenced the Western State Council to prolong the aftermath of the civil unrest in Farmus. Even though they couldn't stop the enthronement of the new Farmus king, they at least tried to stall for as much time as possible.

There were some other "Aces" that the Rosso have hidden, but it was still too early to show their hand yet. With that being the case, it was only wise to properly make use of Cerberus.

This was the ideal plan on Granbell's mind.

![break]

However---

"Well, hold on just one sec."

Damrada didn't intend to follow through with Granbell's proposal. The Rosso and the Five Elders leading them---these people were amazing business partners---he'd be lying if he claimed to not want to maintain a tie with them. But they were gravely mistaken if they thought that Damrada would listen to everything they said.

Damrada was a businessman after all. He got paid to do things, and his thoughts were ever-changing. There were trade blocs in both the East and the West. Cerberus was able to accumulate great wealth by getting hold of these trade routes, so it was more beneficial for Cerberus to have as many different trading partners as they could. Thus, it wouldn't matter to Damrada even if the influence of the Five Elders dropped in the Western Nations.

"---I speak from my heart when I say that I hope we remain on good terms in the future," Damrada said, looking Granbell in the eye. "But I can't help but disagree with what Granbell-sama just said. After all, we have no reason to antagonize Demon Lord Rimuru."

"Damn brat..."

"Hehehe, this is but my respectful response to your proposal. Hinata had already found me to be suspicious, so it won't be that simple to continue our activities in the Western Nations. I will have to return to my homeland and send a replacement for myself."

*Had you eliminated Hinata as promised, I wouldn't be tied up like this*---while insulting Granbell with this implication, Damrada also refused to comply with his demand.

"..."

"We'll continue the part of our business in trade as usual. But let us just pretend like all of this never happened."

Leaving these words, Damrada rose up from his seat. Granbell, having missed the mark with his proposal, couldn't simply argue back at Damrada anymore. The organization known as Cerberus was way too powerful in the underworld of the Eastern Empire. Angering any one of its leaders, such as Damrada, would lead to a splinter in their relationship. It would be too huge a loss for the Rosso at that point in time.

"...It can't be helped. Then leave this matter to us. Just don't hold us back."

"That's for certain. Do put your trust in us considering our relation so far," Damrada answered with a smile and departed after giving a polite bow.

His sincere attitude made him appear as an honest merchant, but had Hinata been eliminated, he would've been long gone to go and garner Demon Lord Rimuru's support. Then he would've simply weighed the benefits between the Rosso and Demon Lord Rimuru and waited to profit. The fact that he was able to achieve this under everyone's nose shows that Damrada of "Gold" was not just for show.

Yet Granbell was also a cunning man who had accumulated his fair share of experience. He already understood half of Damrada's intent. Their party was probably not going to hold the Rosso back, just as Granbell proposed, but he couldn't know for sure whether Damrada would do business with Demon Lord Rimuru or not.

But Damrada was rather upstanding as a merchant, for he did not lie.

Though in the eyes of Granbell, the ruler and head of the Rosso, Damrada's attitude was unacceptable.

"...How unpleasant. You dared to exploit our failure. We will take care of you all by the time this whole ordeal concludes," Granbell's mutters echoed in the room after Damrada left. His eyes, dyed with the color of humiliation; A surge of furious flame emerged and gradually consumed his eyes...

![soft scene break]

"...And just like that, I made the deal with the Five Elders," Damrada reported to the young man casually sitting on the chair.

"Is that so? It's great that our tie with the Rosso is finally settled as you expected. Now we can ensure a channel of communication with them in the future."

Although Damrada maintained an arrogant composure when negotiating with the Rosso, he appeared rather humble in front of the young man. But that was only natural, for this young man was Damrada's boss, and commander in chief of the secret organization Cerberus. The young man nodded leisurely after hearing Damrada's reports.

"I see. Having said that, those bastards are the type to force the quest to take on that type of monster on me without even providing any information..."

"Ahaha, I guess our luck is down. But it is probably the most fortunate in this whole unlucky ordeal that you were able to retreat in time."

"Hehehe, indeed. How lucky. Was he called Diablo or something? He could rival that Primordial White (Blanc) that rampages in the Empire---such a terrifying demon. It shows that Demon Lord Rimuru is not the only threat."

"I suppose you can put it that way... The speed at which Demon Lord Rimuru seems to accumulate strength is much faster than our own reorganization..."

"Indeed. That demon lord has incredibly good luck. Not only did he gather a group of powerful majins under his reign, he even tamed that 'Storm Dragon'---"

"Honestly, it would be the worst option to confront that kind of power head-on."

"No chance of winning---although I wouldn't go so far as to call him unbeatable. Cerberus would definitely collapse if we came into conflict."

"Regardless, there is no use in rushing. Since there's still time, we should take our time to think about it."

"That should be pretty appropriate. This chaotic situation may last for quite a while, and we may suffer some losses from striking under such circumstances."

"You have a point. I tried to intimidate them by using Hinata... But that strategy has failed as well. It is best that we stay quiet for a while before we dig ourselves into a deeper hole," the young man commented jokingly and agreed to Damrada's opinion, sharing his own thoughts. Suddenly, Damrada seemed to have recalled something and began to complain.

"By the way, the Five Elders sure brag a lot. They promised to eliminate Hinata the Saint and look how *that* ended up. Both Demon Lord Rimuru and Hinata survived safe and sound with their misunderstanding resolved to top it off! There probably won't be any more misunderstandings between the Western Holy Church and Tempest Federation..." Damrada said in quite the frustrated tone. To that, the young man replied with a wry smile.

"That's within my expectations as well. I suspected that Demon Lord Rimuru would be too naive and wouldn't want to kill Hinata. If things had gone smoothly, that naivety would have destroyed him. I was even looking forward to it...but it appears that he's not as naive as I thought."

"The Five Elders seemed to plan to suppress the 'Storm Dragon', and it appears that they intended to collaborate with Demon Lord Rimuru."

"We wouldn't be in such a bind had things gone that smoothly. I ordered careful surveillance expecting this failure."

"I see, so that's the case. But speaking of which, I was saved thanks to it. If you didn't contact me then, I would have run into Hinata the Saint before she went to find Demon Lord Rimuru."

They could have kept their identity a secret if lucky, but it was simply wishful thinking, considering that Hinata was their opponent. That's why Damrada was very grateful towards the young man who sensed the danger and informed him beforehand. With that being said, there would be no danger of being exposed had the young man not tasked Damrada with lying to her in the first place.

But such matters were trivial to Damrada. As the commander in chief of Cerberus, the young man's orders took priority over anything else. After all, the young man who formed the secret organization Cerberus aimed to dominate. He wished to conquer the entire world. Damrada resonated with his ambition and greatly admired him. Even though he would laugh such a notion off under normal circumstances, Damrada had a hunch that the young man can make this a reality. That's why he didn't doubt the young man's order.

The young man responded to Damrada frankly: "My plans would have been wasted had I lost you as well."

"Well, I'll at least try to figure out a way to escape if I really run into a life or death situation like that," Damrada replied with a proud smile after seeing the young man's concern for him.

"One can't just become a leader of 'Cerberus' with money alone. They must also have tenacious strength, enough to at least back themselves up in order to convince the many powerful men in the underworld."

The young man also seemed to know that, so he replied with a mocking grin, "Ahaha, but seriously, don't go all out yet. It should be the last resort anyway. Right now, let's just enjoy observing this wrestling game from afar without brute force."

Going all out---in other words, if Cerberus were to give everything they had, it would require the presence of the other two leaders. When that happens, it would no longer just be gentle manipulations in the background, instead it would likely lead to the outbreak of a great war involving all of the Western Nations.

As the commander in chief, the young man didn't want things to develop like that. Damrada was quite aware of it as well, so he answered without hesitation.

"Then it is perhaps best for me to return to my motherland first."

"Right, that would be even better. Even though you weren't spotted by anyone, it's Hinata we're talking about here. She probably already has her eyes on you. It will be more difficult for you to act in public, so it would be best for you to find yourself a replacement. With that being said---"

Damrada already knew what the young man was going to say. The issue was concerning one of the other two leaders of Cerberus who shared a status similar to Damrada.

"Don't get Vega here."

That's why he could understand why the young man would make such an order.

"Understood. Then I shall ask Misha to replace me."

"Good, go do just that."

The bosses were nicknamed the Gold, the Lover, and the Power, the three symbols of a man's greed.
Misha, the Lover, was someone you never wanted to let your guard down around, but she at least listened to reason. Vega, the Power, was a handful. He was a living, breathing personification of violence, as his name suggested. Damrada could do nothing to sway his mind; he only listened to direct orders from the boy, who knew that well enough and didn't want Damrada to deal with him.

"Then I shall proceed as you wish. By the way, what resolution do you see fit for the slave trade business I've been promoting here (the West)?"

"...I almost forgot about it. It'd be too troublesome to deal with, so just let the 'Slave Trade Union Orthrus' under your management bankrupt on its own. I hate slavery anyway."

"Hmm, I don't object, but some rare monsters were supposed to be transferred to Misha's 'House of Whores (Echidna)'^[If you haven't noticed, the subdivisions of Cerberus, like the title of the organization itself, are all creatures from Greek mythology], should we release them as well? Moreover---"

"No, it's business as usual for confidential merchandise. It's only natural for us not to waste such things after all the effort we spent maintaining a window of communication with the Rosso."

"Understood. Then, please leave the rest to me."

With that being said, Damrada left the location.

![break]

The young man closed his eyes and delightfully played a game of chess in his mind. It was then that sharp footsteps reached his ears. A smile emerged on his face as he turned his back to speak to a secretary looking woman.

"Did you catch all that, Kazalim?"

"Loud and clear, boss. But why did you want to dismantle the 'Slave Trade Union'?"

The person who had arrived was Kazalim. She (He) was the trusted companion and consultant to the young man.

"Very simple. I wish to sell 'Him' a favor this time."

"Is that the only reason?"

"Isn't it obvious? The whole of the Jura Great Forest is now under that Slime's rule. He will definitely ruin our business if we continue to hunt monsters there. If that's the case, wouldn't it be more beneficial for us to close shop early?"

"I see. That does seem to be the case. It's the same as lizards cutting off their own tails; we only have to focus on protecting the important merchandise."

"Isn't that right? Can I entrust this task to you?"

"Selling 'Him' a favor... Oh, you are talking about that guy. Boss' idea is interesting as always. I see how this is. Please leave it to me then."

"Hmm, I'll be counting on you, Kazalim."

"No problem. And by the way, I hope you can call me 'Kagali' from now on."

The young man's eyes turned wide at Kazalim after hearing his words.

"Oh...have you finally made up your mind?"

"Yep. I only made my resolve after Clayman died. Before I can take my revenge against Leon, the 'Name' *Demon Lord Kazalim* needs to be sealed up."

"I see. Then, Kagali, this is quite the sudden request. But anyhow, I'll be entrusting you with the matter."

"I've got it covered, boss."

The two looked at each other, both cracking a smile.

And soon, a new wave of unrest was about to unfold---