# Afterword

Long time no see!

It's been five months since the last volume, and here I bring you the sixth volume of *That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime*.

Now it's afterword time as usual.

This time I again confront Editor I-san and had an intense war regarding whether I should write this or not.

When I was writing the first volume, I-san was very gentle.

"If you really dislike writing the afterword, it's okay to skip it!"

"Is that so? Thanks a lot then! I really don't know and am not good at writing this, your words just save me!"

I recall such conversation back then.

HOW-EVER!

This time---

"I've tried using page number, the afterword is around eight-page long!"

"Eh? Eight pages, isn't that too many?"

I mean, afterword has reached eight pages, isn't that a bit much.

So of course I would have concerns about it.

"Oh well it can't be helped. Due to binding issue with the book, if we are to cut down blank pages, the entire afterword would be lost."

"Ah, then I should just skip it---"

"No way, what do you mean by that? You have to write the afterword."

And we agreed during volume 1 that it's not necessary, that kind and gentle Editor I-san is gone...

No, I am quite fond of reading afterword of my novel I like, but whenever it is my turn to write, I am in the "it's okay to skip it" faction.

The ability to think flexibly with accordance to different points of view is one of my special talent---but it can't work now---I tried to use this talent to convince I-san, but...

"I'll make you write it even if we need to increase pages! What "not writing afterword", that's not an option for you!"

After getting a scolding from the editor, my road to not writing afterword is blocked.

I understand it won't matter even if I struggle more, so after countless negotiations I get to cut down some of the pages.

Oh well, however.

It's time for the cliché every time---

"This time there may be a few more pages..."

"Don't worry, just don't mind it and keep writing!"

Even with that little interjection, they still wanted me to write the afterword.

I've always concerned about the increase of pages, and as it turns out the worries were unnecessary.

The pages of the actual story have increased a lot and now the pages for afterword needs to increase as well.

Editor I-san is truly crazy.

By the way, when I hand in my first draft, here are I-san's thoughts:

"XX scene seems to have been cut, what happened there?"

"No, it's just that the pages involved are too many, so I had to cut it out!"

"No way you are serious about that?! We have to leave that scene in!"

"No, but the rest of the content is not easily cut to fit it in..."

"Seriously, don't worry over the cuts! Just write it. You can write as much of *Slime* as you want."

This is a conversation we had.

In the end when I finished the first draft, the content has increased the most since I started with an addition of around ten thousand words.

Due to the double line typesetting, it's rumored to be the light novel with the most words from GC series. And even the page number has jumped to number one.

"Now we've made a new record!"

Editor I-san says so.

How ambitious is his?

After all this trouble, volume six is finally out.

The volume has packed with most content in Tensura series, I hope everyone would have a fun time reading it.

Now as followed I would like to do some discussion regarding the content of the volume.

As I've mentioned in volume 2, I always read afterwords when I read a book.

That's why there will be obvious spoiler, so you should prepare yourself before reading.

![soft scene break]

As I've mentioned in the afterword of volume 5, I've added a lot of content this time as well.

You can tell from the catalogue, Rimuru gets recognized in the volume and becomes a real demon lord. It's written up to the birth of the Octagram.

Based on the fourth arc "Birth of Demon Lord" from the Web version, I present the full story in volume 5 and volume 6.

Since the content from the web version of "Birth of Demon Lord" is not enough for fill the whole of volume 5, you can imagine that most of the content was added afterward.

I've also interacted with Editor I-san and so the content is just like what I've mentioned in the afterword of volume 5.

I've worked hard on this in order to avoid being called that the effort in my work is all filler like Calpis^[Calpis is a Japanese drink.] diluted in water.

That's about it regarding this volume...

As usual, there are many characters present this time.

It would probably be easier for web version reader to remember them, but the light novel reader may have a hard time.

Now that I think about it more carefully, this light novel has twice as many words as most standard light novel, so it shouldn't be that many characters being presented.

Everyone must want to see the illustrations, right---About that, I'll rely on Mitz Vah sensei's work!

Ten Great Demon Lords---Eh? Why are there eleven people? How strange---but the product is quite cool with everyone in the same room.

Speaking of which, Mitz Vah sensei apparently had got into a heated debate with Editor I-san regarding the breast size of female characters, I've not taken part into that part. As for whether the outcome of the debate is reflected, I'll have everyone who read the end result of the illustration be the judge.

Oh oh, I'm getting off topic.

That's how it is, now with beautiful illustrations the imagination with the characters become much easier.

And now to examine the difference from the web version, I can say perhaps only the outline is similar.

By the way, it is possible that certain character's motive has completely changed with such tweaks in setting, and there are actually many changes if we are looking at details alone.

It's quite hard to find original scene from the web version.

There will be more and more such small changes in the future that would amount to a completely different story.

But with that being said, I still intend to retain the outline of the web story. But I'll only know the result after I write.

I hope everyone would continue to support me with the final product of *That Time I got Reincarnated as a Slime* by that time.

![soft scene break]

And now it's time for the summary of the afterword, I want to write some words of gratitude.

Thanks to Mitz Vah sensei who has been helping with the beautiful illustrations.

After reading the design draft of the characters, some of the character design even took the place of their original images in my heart.

What a great thing to embrace such thrill!

I would add more new characters in the future, I look forward to the feedback.

And also many thanks to Taiki Kawakami sensei who's been in charge of the manga art as well as mange Editor U-san.

You guys---responded to my stubborn demands, I truly appreciate it.

And this time I also asked for your guys' assistance and was responded with very straight-forward agreement.

Eh, do you want me to reduce the number of pages of afterword?

What does that mean, I don't understand.

My thanks also go out to Editor I-san who discusses with me all the time.

Your opinion is truly valuable to me.

Any work that not even the editor would approve is likely not possible to resonate with the readers either.

I hope you will also be as honest as you are now with your opinion!

My thanks go out to all the members who worked on proofreading, design as well as the production of the book.

Especially the fellow coworkers working on proofreading, it must be very hard proofreading so many words.

Thanks to everyone's effort!

And lastly my thanks go out to all the readers who bought the book, I'll continue to work hard to allow everyone be able to enjoy *That Time I got Reincarnated as a Slime* in the future.

Well, see you all in the next volume!
