# Afterword

Sorry for having kept everyone waiting, now I present *That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime* Volume seven.

This time the content has also increased quite a bit.

"I'll write it shorter this time!"

"Really? Are you only saying this now, but will eventually prolong the whole thing in the end?"

"No way, I've cut a lot of the web version content out this time, it will be shorter!"

"I've given up at this point, you don't have to force yourself to write less."

I recall such conversation. As a result, I was reassured to expand on the content.

"Ehh, in the end the length was increased a little bit..."

"That line, don't you always so it? I am mentally prepared already."

Is this so the relationship of trust that everyone talks about?

Editor I-san has already seen through me.

Eh? Could he have known from the start that I would increase the content?

No, it's your defeat if you get too serious on such matter.

That's how that went. Now I'll comment on the content of this volume.

If it's readers who made it through this volume should already know that there is a high chance of spoiler in the afterword.

But with that being said, it can't really be helped if you have read to this part.

There's probably no one who reading the series at volume seven, so it won't be any different if I tell everyone to read the actual book first.

![soft scene break]

To the readers of the web version, you may think this volume is something completely different.

And honestly the content is completely overhauled.

The promise of "same story outline" is gradually become a fantasy.

There have been many changes to the plot development, this would result the old plot very hard to connect up---that's the reason for all the changes.

I would like to clarify that I was going to turn the outline around and change a lot of things.

But the biggest reason of the change is probably due to the revision of design of a certain character.

I won't mention who that is, this person's personality remains the same, but his motivation and abilities are different.

The character influenced by this character the most would be Hinata-san. Perhaps Hinata-san looks completely different from her counterpart in the web version.

But this should be the original (canonical) Hinata.

Due to the plot heading in completely different direction, this feeling becomes like this.

You only have to compare the stories in the two versions to know, as I see it. But it may even be more fun for the readers who have not read the web version to read the light novel directly. In that aspect I hope everyone would choose the preferred way of reading it!

At the prologue, there are people discussing suspicious stuffs, how could we have not yet seen their appearances in the main storyline?

There's a reason to account for people's doubts regarding this.

It's definitely not because the author has forgotten to write about them, so please look forward to it in the next volume!

But people would probably have a general idea of how the story would develop at this point.

Are this author thinking anything at all? That's not the case. It's almost as if the author doesn't plan to transfer the web version directly to the light novel.

That's indeed the case, so I feel it would be a hard task to even trying to continue the story like the original story. But there are finally some signs of returning the story to the original plot since volume 7...probably.

When I was writing this afterword, I was thinking volume 8 would probably feel more akin to its web version counterpart.

That would also depend on how I feel when I begin writing it---Although the writer always likes to say this. I hope everyone would continue to accompany alongside me as we move forward in this journey.

Then, I'll see you in the next volume!