# Chapter 5: Special|Collections:|Vesta's|Consultation

My name is Vesta. It was my dream to serve the great Hero King Gazel, to do research that would benefit the people. Although my dream was broken, but I followed in my father's footsteps and became Minister of the Armed Nation of Dwargon. Well, 'was' is more accurate. I lost that position due to my own stupid jealousy...

At that time, in my own engineering unit, there was a development of a new weapon in collaboration with the elven technicians. This top-secret project was called the 'Armored Soldier Project', and a man named Kaijin was chosen to lead its development.

He came from a commoner's family of blacksmiths, but his knowledge was extensive. He was a hard worker and trusted by his subordinates. He was a bit too hot-headed but there was no doubt he was an excellent boss. But I didn't like Kaijin for the life of me.

It wasn't because he was a commoner. Kaijin's skills were already worthy of being called a master craftsman. That's why I was so jealous of him. Kaijin had made a name for himself in his family's business and was successful in his research. I, on the other hand, was a man whose only vocation was research.

My family came from the Marquis family, and I was destined to become a minister. I could have served in the military and studied while my father was alive, but that was only allowed to be my hobby. I resented that.

I had no political talent. I didn't have the coldness of my father or the charisma of King Gazel. But the servants of the marquis family are still very good and were ready for the world of politics without me having to do anything. Besides, there were multiple ministerial positions.

King Gazel and his elders set the tone for the state, so it didn't matter if I was there or not. I'll never be able to help King Gazel no matter how hard I try. I was convinced at the time that I would never be recognized. That's why I rebelled against Kaijin. Then I could serve the king as a blacksmith. I have only research, but it was unfair. Besides, I didn't have time to do my research leisurely.

My father fell ill. He was getting worse, and the day was fast approaching when I would become master of the Marquis house. If I didn't produce results soon, I would go unnoticed by King Gazel for the rest of my life. That was the one thing I couldn't stand. So I ignored Kaijin's insistence that I should proceed steadily with my research, and pushed the experiment forward. As a result, the keystone of the project, the spirit demon nucleus, went haywire, and the experiment ended in failure. And the project itself was also thrown out of existence.

I was stunned, but my family worked behind the scenes to make things happen. Before I knew it, Kaijin took the blame for everything and left the army. And next thing I knew, I was working as a minister. There was no way to apologize. I had led a life of boredom, living only to harass Kaijin.

![hard scene break]

"I'm sorry about that time."

Suddenly, I remembered and apologized to Kaijin. Then Kaijin looked at me with a puzzled expression on his face, wondering what I was talking about.

"What are you talking about? Didn't Rimuru give you a budget for increased model production?"

"No, the matter has already been approved. His Majesty managed to coerce Myourmiles-dono into giving him plenty of money for the project."

"Then, what's your apology for?"

"Oh, it's for a long time ago. Kicking you out of the troops and harassing you. Half the time it wasn't just me, but my subordinates who did my bidding. After all this time, I just remembered that I hadn't apologized yet."

"It's really too late now. I mean, that's, like, you already apologized to me."

Kaijin smiles at that. Certainly, I said I was sorry when I came to this country. That was undoubtedly my intention, but I still wanted to make another formal apology.

.........

......

...

Every day in this country was a series of amazing things. I know it's just an excuse, but I'm going to say it. I dare say we were too busy to do anything about it! King Gazel is no different, but Rimuru's freewheeling behavior is even more so. He relies on someone like me for important tasks.

The first challenge was to educate the monsters. When he asked me to teach them to read and write and use the abacus, I wondered with disrespect if this guy was serious. By the way, the abacus is a very useful calculator that was also used by Dwargon. His Majesty Rimuru made a prototype and it was adopted without any problem because the usage was almost the same. It's not just the basics that I teach. As a practical matter, I have also been entrusted with etiquette training for the monsters. Manners for monsters. What is this guy talking about? It's no wonder I thought that, right? I asked Hist Majesty Rimuru what his purpose was, to which he replied with a smile,

"Well, I want to interact with humans in the future."

I thought it sounded crazy, but I didn't have the right to refuse. So I nodded right then and there to say yes. But the job turned out to be more interesting than I thought. The goblinas, led by Shuna-sama, were eager to learn the etiquette. The men were also not to be outdone, and were learning to be polite and courteous in order to lessen their vicious appearances. The monsters were more inquisitive and motivated than expected, and I enjoyed teaching them. I enjoy teaching them even now. Even though we had agreed to continue until the research facility was set up, I still hold regular seminars.

In the meantime, a research facility was built in the place called the Sealed Cave. I had only the bare minimum of equipment, but I was still excited to know that I could work on my research again. It was there that I met Gabil-dono the dragonewt, and became a good friend of like-minded people. His unconventional ideas were a great stimulus to my forgotten spirit of inquiry. I was not sure what to expect when I was brought here, but now I have nothing but gratitude for King Gazel. I can now say that I am happy. However...

...That doesn't mean there are no problems. I came to Kaijin today to talk about it.

.........

......

...

Now that I've conveyed my apology I had been thinking about, I could get down to business.

"Well, thank you for saying that."

"That's good. Now I think it's more important to get to the main point, don't you?"

"Oh, was I that obvious to you?"

"Attaboy. You've always had a tendency to put off the awkward stuff and start talking about the most random of topics."

Come to think of it, that's true. When I think about it, I've known Kaijin for a long time now and we know each other well. I don't think there's any reason to be shy about anything now, so I decided to get to the point.

"To tell you the truth, I had some business to discuss with you."

"A consultation? If the budget passed, isn't it an important case?"

The budget is certainly important, but that's not this case.

"This is important. Much more important than the budget."

"...Huh?"

I never thought I'd have to worry about something more important than the budget, but...okay. I'm sure Kaijin will have an answer for this challenge.

"To tell you the truth, I was in His Majesty Rimuru's lab---"

"Wait, wait a minute! That's the stuff the boss was working on in his secret labs, isn't it? Isn't that something you shouldn't talk about lightly?"

It's not good. I fully understand that without being told. But I can't just keep my mouth shut! After all, hundreds of demons have been incarnated there! Some of them were archdemons. They were of the ruling class. Such a fearsome existence was incarnating right before my eyes. And I hope you can imagine how I felt when I saw that they had been given names. I understand that there is a duty of confidentiality, but I think that this has to be communicated to King Gazel as well...

To tell the truth, it's not like I'm being kept silent by His Majesty Rimuru. As long as we have a technical agreement, I have no problem sharing my work with Dwargon. But what...?

"Then I'll ask you abstractly, sparing specific statements. Do you think we should tell King Gazel that we have created a force capable of take the world?"

Kaijin had a good point, so I wrapped my question in an oath. But Kaijin's response was even more intense than I had expected.

"Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Vesta, what are you talking about all of a sudden?!"

"Mm? Was it hard to understand? Was it too wrapped up in an affectionate manner?"

"Asshole! It's not. Besides, you didn't wrap up any of your remarks!"

That's impossible. I was still hiding important details.

"Hahaha. That's okay, if you ask for specifics, even Kaijin-dono's will get a headache. So, please just tell me your honest opinion."

"That's okay, right?"

Kaijin has been rude, saying that I have a habit of escaping reality when I have a problem. But I've got bigger things to worry about now, so I can't listen to such complaints.

"So, what do you think I should do?"

Should I keep it to myself or should I tell King Gazel as well? Meeting my question squarely, Kaijin scratches his head and gives his answer.

"Vesta, you're tired. Why don't you go home and have a drink and relax?"

Kaijin said and smiled. Oh, this guy. He ran away...

"That's not an answer to my question!"

"You idiot! Don't involve me in such a serious matter!"

That's a fair point, but I can't just retreat here.

"Don't say that, I thought you'd help me!"

"No, no, no, I'm out of the country, you know? I'm not in a position of responsibility like Vesta-san, the marquis of Dwargon."

"What rubbish. To me, Kaijin-dono is still a respected boss! More than a title, a position. I've been saying that for a long time and obeyed your subordinates!"

"Ah, you bastard! Is that why you apologized just now? You've got a lot of nerve..."

This is how the battle between Kaijin and I continued for a while. I want to get involved and Kaijin wants to get away. However, the victory or defeat is already visible. Kaijin has a strong sense of responsibility...he would never run away irresponsibly after hearing all this.

"Okay. Tell me the details."

"I was hoping you'd say that."

Just as I had expected, Kaijin finally agreed to consult with me. I was satisfied with that and smiled.

![hard scene break]

We moved to a high-class tavern in the labyrinth. Speaking for a dwarf, I'm a drinker. Even though I look more like an elf than a dwarf, I still love to drink. And we have a great selection of booze in this country. Moreover, the employees are under a strict obligation of confidentiality and will not give out any secret information if they overhear you talking about something secret. This is a place where such security is guaranteed. It was the perfect place to talk about secrets.

"So, what do you want to do about it?"

Kaijin asks, so I'm going to speak my mind.

"If I keep silent, we'll have problems if something goes wrong. As long as I'm not being kept quiet, I think I have an obligation to report it."

Hearing my response, Kaijin nodded with a huff.

"Well, yeah. As we agreed from the beginning, that wouldn't be considered an announcement. Besides, you're still officially the marquis of Dwargon, right?"

I was. I'd almost forgotten the fact that my title has not been erased from my country, nor has it been returned by me. In fact, I was stunned at my family home when before I knew it, King Gazel had kidnapped me and delivered me to His Majesty Rimuru. At that time, I had no time to worry about my position in my homeland. Dwargon's nobles owned no lands of their own. All the land belonged to the Dwarf King and was administered by the nobility in the form of leases. In fact, compared to other nations, the concept of territory is different.

There are only three major cities in Dwargon: the center, east and west. The rest is made up of manor houses at the foot of the mountains and tunnel dwellings in natural caves. The manor houses were divided into sections and administered by the nobility. It's what Rimuru calls housekeeping. A nobleman was expected to take care of the inhabitants of his territory and collect taxes from them. Depending on the rank, the number of family registers was different. I'm a marquis, so I actually have a good income. I disappointed King Gazel after all my blunders, so I thought the title would be taken away.

But even to this day, I have been treated as a marquis. In other words, there's a normal amount of tax revenue each year. The good family orders that have supported me since the last generation have taken care of all the troublesome things. The salaries are paid normally, and since I was not expelled from my home country, I am able to return to my home and live normally. But I don't want to do that, and I have no plans to do so. After all, this life is more interesting.

And there are servants who came after me, living in greater luxury than when I was at Dwargon. The food is delicious and the drinks are excellent. I can research as much as I want, and this life is like a paradise. Myourmiles-dono's purse is a bit tight-lipped, but I digress.

"Yes, you're right. Well, I suppose, from the standpoint of a Marquis, I can't just betray King Gazel."

"I don't think keeping quiet is a betrayal, but I'm pretty sure it's your duty to report it."

That's right...

I understand that even if he doesn't tell me. But the question is how to report it.

"So then, how to say it straight? We're growing a force that can take down the world."

"Hey, hey, I've had too much to drink, but are you sure it's really that big of a deal?"

Mmm, this sake tastes great. There's no stopping it, it's mellow on the palate. It's crisp and fragrant, with a rich flavor that seems to lift me out of my funk. But it does.

"You know Miss Ultima and Carrera-chan?"

"Oh, oh? I don't mean to be blunt, but are you drunk? Don't change the subject so fast."

"No, I haven't changed the subject, and I can't say this stuff unless I get drunk."

"Oh, come on, then maybe..."

"That's right. In fact, those girls are part of that force, too."

"I see. Now that you mention it, it's no wonder the police are so strong in cracking down on the adventurers. I didn't see the faces of the security force, so I figured they must have been a secret unit that was trained somewhere..."

It seems that Kaijin has realized the gravity of the situation. Here in Tempest, no one goes wild against the police. Also, no one has appealed the ruling in court. That's because they were cracking down on criminals with an unparalleled force. By all accounts, their fighting ability was so great that it was clear to everyone. By an adventurer's standards, even a lowly police officer could be considered over rank A.

"What? Ehhh? A police force that has the strength to fight the world?"

"Mm. It's the perfect camouflage, don't you think?"

"No, even if you ask me that, what?"

A confused look appears on Kaijin's face. I can understand why he's puzzled. A demon that could destroy the world is now a police officer (hero) protecting its citizens.

"And if I report it to King Gazel... How do you think he'd react?"

"Oh, yeah. Well...that's...that's a tough one to report."

"Right? I'm absolutely not going to be believed. On the contrary, he'll say I'm mad and disgraceful. King Gazel would believe me, but I'm sure the stone-heads in charge would doubt my words."

"Sure,"

Kaijin muttered and gulped down the cup of sake.

"You got me into this," he said, his eyes complaining to me.

That's why I grinned and asked,

"What do you think I should do?"

"Well... I guess... I don't think it's a good idea to report it honestly. This one bothers me too..."

Then there was silence for a while. The cup is empty and new wine is poured into it. Kaijin and I wracked our brains, wondering what the right thing to do was. It was Dino-sama, who came to get me, who saved us.

"Hey, hey, Vesta-san! We're the only ones cheating. Call me over. And buy me a drink. And then I'll give you a drink, all right?"

Dino-sama said with a very nice smile. Seeing that smile, I asked him.

"So, what do you think I should do, Dino-sama?"

I was drunk. And I had forgotten. This man is one of the demon lords.

"Let's just throw it. Let's throw the blame on somebody else!"

Dino-sama gave me a thumbs-up and assured me that if that was going to make me upset, it was just bad luck.

"No, no, that's not..."

Kaijin was about to say something to him, as if he were in trouble.

"It's fine, it's fine! To be honest, I've been asked to report everything, but I just skipped it all. And then he got really pissed off, so I thought I'd do it right the next time. But who I report to is up to me, right? I just make sure to report it to the right person, and that is the right call. He's the one who gets pissed off, and I can be proud of the work I'm doing. It'll give me a clean slate to go about my day, I recommend it!"

After saying that, Dino-sama ordered a drink of his own accord and began to drink it. Apparently, that's the end of the consultation. And it goes without saying that I would be the one to pay for that expensive drink. Huh, I feel like an idiot for worrying about it.

"All right, I'm going to adopt that strategy!"

"Hey, Vesta?!"

"Oh, that's what Vesta-san is all about. You're my boss after all!"

It's strange to hear that from Dino-sama, a Demon Lord, and it makes me feel a little proud.

"You're definitely drunk. He's the wrong person to be taking such advice from. Think again!"

Kaijin's ranting and raving sounds comforting.

"Let's drink! Today it's my treat. We'll drink as much as we want!"

"Oh, that's the spirit!"

"Oh, come on, you don't want to be doing this, do you? You know how much they pay for this place, even the executives."

"All right, let's not nitpick the details, okay? Let's shut up, old man, and be goofy here."

"You just want to drink!"

"Yeah, but, I mean, what's the problem?"

"Yeah, no problem! Kaijin-dono, let's celebrate. Let's just have a party, shall we?"

I said with a big heart. And so, the binge-drinking began. Please let's hope that tomorrow's troubles will not increase. With that hope, I had Kaijin and Dino-sama toast a glass full of sake.

![hard scene break]

"Vesta-dono, you are tired."

That's what the guy in charge said to me when I reported to him. I guess he didn't believe me after all. As expected, I have no regrets now. Because I'd exhausted all my regret when I saw the payment bill delivered to me after I sobered up.

"That's probably true, hahaha. But I've certainly told you."

With that, I ended the scheduled call. And then...

It turned out that my report was true, but there were no accusations against me. Apparently, there were, but Magic Communication's records showed that a nameless person was fully responsible for the incident. Dino-sama was right---I was glad that I consulted him.