# Story 7: Coleus's Dream|Part 3

The operation was set to take place in three days. My role was to stabilize Princess Zenobia's condition and aim for her complete recovery. With that in mind, despite the late hour, I transferred my consciousness to the Clone I had hidden in Princess Zenobia's bedroom.

At that moment, I froze. Inside her room was a presence exuding an overwhelming aura. My Magic Sense detected a spine-chilling dread. *Could this be what you call fear?*

<<Objection. You are reacting to an overwhelming amount of magicules. It is weaker than Charybdis but comparable to the Orc Disaster. Given their stable Youki, it might be best to avoid fighting them alone.>>

Seriously...? If even Great Sage said this, there was no doubt this was an extremely dangerous opponent. Prince Aslan seemed strong, but this one was far beyond comparison. In fact, this might be a high-ranking vampire. Could I win if I fought this guy seriously? Since Great Sage advised against fighting alone, it had to be dangerous.

At the very least, I needed to gauge their strength---

<<...Report. If you attempt Analyze and Assess in this situation, there is an 80 percent or greater chance your presence will be detected. Do you wish to proceed? YES/NO>>

*Of course, it's NO. You didn't need to ask me that*. Holding my breath, I decided to watch how things unfolded. I cleared my mind and tried to make my presence as inconspicuous as possible, focusing on the conversation I could hear.

"Ah, Zenobia. I'll say this again, but I'm truly glad you woke up. Even though Aslan was tormenting you, there was nothing I could do. Please forgive your useless brother."

"No, dear brother. You did nothing wrong. Also, it hasn't even been confirmed that it was dear brother Aslan's fault---"

"No! It's certain that he's the culprit. Gustav said the same. He manipulated the guild to prevent our country from receiving rare medicine. If it weren't for Marquis Jahil's guest who happened to have a special medicine, you would have remained bedridden."

"But..."

"There's nothing to worry about now, so rest well today."

"All right. I apologize for causing you concern."

"Of course not. For my adorable sister, it's nothing to spare some of my time."

Crown Prince Sauzer spoke to Princess Zenobia in a very gentle voice. It felt different from what I had imagined and was completely different from what I had heard. As I tried to make sense of the situation, I sensed Crown Prince Sauzer leaving the room.

The moment he stepped into the hallway, his presence changed. The stable Youki turned aggressive, and he began to exude an overwhelming aura. It seemed that Crown Prince Sauzer was genuinely concerned about his sister. That was why he suppressed his Youki to avoid harming her.

This meant Prince Aslan's statements were incorrect. Was he genuinely mistaken, or was he trying to deceive us...? Sensing the presence moving away, I decided to stay still a bit longer, just to be cautious. Then, at the very edge of my hearing range, I heard Crown Prince Sauzer speaking with someone.

"---It's good that she got healed while Father is still alive. Now that Zenobia has recovered, there's no need to hold back. Eradicate Aslan and those who support him."

It was a very cold voice. One might think it was someone else who had spoken to Princess Zenobia, for the voice carried a chilling tone that would make any listener shudder. I realized that this was Crown Prince Sauzer's true nature.

Honestly, I was at a loss. Aslan's faction was scheduled to rise to action in three days. In response, Sauzer's faction had begun to move to crush Aslan's faction. Civil war---a full-scale war, at that, huh? This was a problem far beyond what an ordinary adventurer could handle.

As I pondered what to do, I let out a deep sigh.

![hard scene break]

In any case, Princess Zenobia was safe. However, it was still too early to let our guard down. The prediction that someone would interfere wasn't just my suspicion; it was also a consensus with Great Sage. If Crown Prince Sauzer wasn't the culprit, then who could possibly be behind this? The thought of someone weakening Princess Zenobia right under the nose of such a monster like Sauzer made me uneasy about how powerful this person must be.

Could Prince Aslan really be the culprit, as Crown Prince Sauzer claimed? No, I didn't think that was the case. What was the objective in the first place? I had read detective novels; in such cases, the person who benefitted from causing the princes to fight was often the culprit. Yes, in that case---

"Who is there?"

*Gasp!* I got so absorbed in figuring out the culprit that I let my guard down. The potted plant blocked her view, so Princess Zenobia couldn't see me. I thought I was completely hidden, but I had been easily found out.

"Ah, are you the one who came during the day? Was it Rimuru-sama---"

"You're mistaken."

Dangerous! How did she identify me even though I was in slime form?! I must absolutely not admit it. If I did, my social standing would plummet. "Rimuru-san, I heard you snuck into the princess's room at night." Imagine if I heard that! I wouldn't know how to face my companions after that.

"Oh, so I was mistaken. Then, may I know your name?"

"Uh, uhmm, it's Satoru..."

"I see, so you are Satoru-san."

"Y-yes."

This was bad. I was in unprecedented danger. If she asked why I was in her room, I was done for. In my desperation, I decided to show Princess Zenobia my current form. I thought that by showing my adorable slime form, she would believe that I was not the Rimuru from earlier.

"Oh my! That form is cute too." Princess Zenobia smiled warmly. Even though I appeared as a monster, I had worried for nothing. She didn't seem scared of me at all. What concerned me more was her words, 'that form too.'

"Uh, I am a slime, and I have nothing to do with that Rimuru-san..."

"Hehe, you seem like a very kind mister. Let's leave it at that, so would you listen to my request?" Princess Zenobia said.

I didn't understand why she called me 'mister,' but it seemed she was willing to go along with it. Relieved, I decided to listen to what she had to say.

"I have lost my sight, but in exchange, I can now see the shape of people's 'souls.' My elder brothers, Sauzer and Aslan, appear as wailing boys. They are very kind people, deeply saddened by my condition."

This was unexpected. If that was true, then neither of them seemed to be the culprit.

"Compared to them, Court Physician Gustav is a frightening person. I cannot see his true nature. It's very murky, like a pale purple darkness..."

*That almost sounds like you're saying he's the culprit!*

"If that's the case, then you should---"

"I cannot tell them. If I speak up, my brothers will be in danger."

"That's..."

"And there's something I'm very concerned about."

"And what is it?"

"My father, the king, has not visited me once since I fell ill. He has always only been interested in himself. Court Physician Gustav is his confidant. I just cannot believe that he has nothing to do with it," Princess Zenobia explained.

Her ability was called the unique skill Wisher. It seemed to be a power to see the shape of people's 'soul'---a.k.a. their true nature. Both the Rimuru from the day and the slime Satoru now were me, but Princess Zenobia saw right through it. She might have called me 'mister' because she could see my past life. If that was the case, then her power was real.

Since it was enough for me to believe that her power was genuine, it was undeniable that Gustav was filled with malice. He was likely the culprit, and there was a good chance he was feeding lies to Crown Prince Sauzer. But the motive was weak. Even if he pitted the two princes against each other, it wouldn't benefit Gustav.

However, what if...he was acting under the king's orders?

"So you believe that Court Physician Gustav is acting under the orders of the king, your father?"

"Yes, that is correct. That's why it's dangerous for me to inform Brother Sauzer. It could endanger his life."

*I see.* I understood Princess Zenobia's concerns. However, I found it hard to believe that such a powerful crown prince could be easily defeated.

"But he seems very stro---"

"...! Hide! And suppress your presence!" Princess Zenobia shouted, cutting off my words.

Instead of asking why, I decided to follow her command. That was the right decision. Just after I hid behind the potted plant, someone entered the room.

![hard scene break]

The person who entered the room was Gustav. He seemed to think Princess Zenobia hadn't noticed him and cast a spell toward her bed.

<<Report. It is Illusion Magic: Sleep Down. The effect only makes the target fall asleep, so it can be deduced that there is no intent to kill.>>

I almost jumped out, but hearing that reassured me. Princess Zenobia seemed to have expected this, so I decided to observe a bit longer.

"Gu-fu-fu, sleeping well, aren't you? For you to escape my spell, that must have been a very vexing wonder drug. It would be too early for you to recover. For the great one's sake, I must further refine your 'soul.' But this can be used to our advantage."

As he muttered, Gustav raised his hand over Princess Zenobia. From his palm, a repulsive miasma was released, and in an instant, it began to afflict Princess Zenobia. Seeing this, I almost leaped out, but---

<Don't!>

I felt a strong thought and stopped.

"Hmm? Did I hear something...? No, it must have been nothing."

That was close. If she had spoken up even a little later, Gustav would have noticed. Moreover, this Gustav didn't seem to be a mere lowlife but appeared much stronger than I initially thought. I realized I had underestimated him.

<Indeed. My elder brother was weak, but he became strong after receiving treatment from Court Physician Gustav. His current strength is likely due to--->

Due to what Gustav gave him, perhaps. *I see*. Prince Aslan also suspected that Crown Prince Sauzer might have become one of Gustav's minions. He didn't seem like a vampire, but he was likely in a state close to being a puppet.

<So, I want you to save my brothers.>

That was an unreasonable request. I thought of refusing, saying it wasn't my concern---but then I saw it. A crying girl. A girl who used to play happily with two boys, now fallen ill, watching her brothers quarrel, suffering in despair. I didn't like things like that. If I didn't know, I could have ignored it, but now that I knew---I had to do it.

So, I told her.

<I can't, after all.>

<I understand--->

<If I'm going to save them, it has to be everyone, including you.>

<Oh my!>

I wanted to tell her not to mess around and leave herself out of the count. It was too early to give up. We must aim for the best and fight back. Do everything we can. Keep trying until the end. If we failed, we could laugh it off then. But still---I wanted to turn the tears of a despairing, crying girl into tears of joy.

<I promise to do everything in my power.>

<You are indeed a kind mister.>

I thought about apologizing if I failed, but that would be lame, so I didn't say it out loud.

![hard scene break]

After that, Gustav left with a sly grin. He muttered, "I will summon that little girl too and sacrifice her," so it seemed he was targeting me as well. It was frustrating, but I had to be patient. If I fought him now, I might win or I might lose. Such a gamble was out of the question. I shouldn't act on my emotions but rather devise a strategy to win. That was my way.

I bid farewell to Princess Zenobia and shifted my consciousness to devise a plan. As soon as I opened my eyes, I called Souei and Ranga.

"I am here."

"My lord, is there something you need?"

"Yeah. But I'll explain later. I'm going to meet Benimaru now, so you two come with me."

"Understood."

"Of course, my lord!"

Naturally, I left a Clone to sleep in my bed. This way, I could handle any nighttime visitors. Even though it was midnight, Souei and Ranga accompanied me without complaint. Grateful for that, I activated the elemental magic: Warp Portal to transport us to my room in Tempest. From there, we headed straight to Benimaru's private quarters.

Benimaru was awake, waiting for me. Souei must have informed him in advance, as he was ready to listen without any need for explanation.

"So, what's the situation?" He asked, so I explained the current situation. Then, I shared my deduction.

"So, Crown Prince Sauzer is a puppet of that guy Gustav, yet he's as strong as an average demon lord. And his younger brother, Prince Aslan, is trying to overthrow him, right?"

"Well, summarizing it like that, yeah. He seems to believe Crown Prince Sauzer is a vampire, and he's probably being fed false evidence by Sauzer's people. So, if he rises up now based on these mistaken justifications, it'll constitute treason."

"I see, it's a complete setup. But what does Gustav gain by causing conflict between the two princes?"

"I don't know. Princess Zenobia thinks it might be the king's orders...but honestly, it's unclear. Well, dwelling on things we don't know won't help. We should just be cautious because it seems suspicious. What matters is stopping the conflict between the princes."

That was right. If we could resolve the dispute between the two princes, we could then expose Gustav's misdeeds. Then we would naturally get to the mastermind behind all this.

"Indeed, that seems like the quickest way."

"If we have time, I can investigate the hidden circumstances..."

"No, we don't have time. They're supposed to take action in three days, and before that, our enemy's strength has proven to be beyond our expectations. Even with you, Souei, it's dangerous to act alone."

"Regretful. I will continue to strive for improvement."

Souei looked frustrated, but he'd have to endure this. If I weighed pride against safety, my policy was to choose safety.

"So, when will we set out?"

*Let's see...*

<<Report. It is predicted there will be movement by tomorrow.>>

*Tomorrow? Will things really happen that quickly?*

<<Affirmative. Individual: Gustav placed a 'curse' on Princess Zenobia. This will shift the blame for her deteriorating health onto--->>

*So he's going to pin it on me...*

<<Affirmative. Afterward, the individual will likely fabricate an issue, holding the Marquis Jahil family responsible for bringing in the criminal--->>

In response to that, Aslan's faction would act*... I see.* Since Sauzer's faction was fully prepared, there was no need to wait for Aslan's faction to gather strength. They'd use me and the Marquis's family as bait to lure out Prince Aslan and capture him all at once.

*I'll definitely stop that.*

"It's tomorrow. I'm deliberately jumping into the lion's den, so Benimaru, I'll rely on you to stall Prince Aslan."

"Leave it to me."

"Souei, I'll leave Barak-san to you. Try to persuade him, but if that fails, hold him back by force."

"Understood!"

"My lord, what shall I do?"

"As for you, Ranga..." Taking him onto the battlefield would attract too much attention. Benimaru and Souei could disguise themselves somewhat, but it would be difficult for Ranga. It wouldn't be good if there were any suspicions about our connection.

"I entrust the defense of the Marquis Jahil's household to you. Ensure the safety of his wife and household members!"

"Understood! Leave it to me!"

It was good that Ranga had a role to play. The safety of Jeff-sensei's sister was crucial, so I'd count on him to do his best.

"So, what about you, Rimuru-sama?"

"Me? I have a little something to take care of."

I said with a fearless smile. Then, I shared my thoughts with everyone and began preparing for tomorrow.

![soft scene break]

On the roof of the heavily guarded royal castle, the girl sat. Clad in dark-colored attire, she blended seamlessly into the night sky, remaining unnoticed by anyone. She exuded an air of dignity, yet her expression was clouded with discontent.

"What's happening? I merely came to observe the situation, yet why is that person now caught up in this incident?" A complaint slipped from the girl's delicate lips, expressing her irritation.

She had heard various stories from an acquaintance, but nothing had hinted at this incident. Driven by curiosity, she had followed the one who piqued her interest to this distant location. Now, it seemed that decision was proving to be a mistake.

To intervene or not---that was the dilemma. Even making that choice felt uncertain.

"This is troublesome. Ignoring it might be the best course of action to avoid further complications, but the fact that things have escalated to this point could also hold the key. It's perplexing. At this rate, I can't afford to act rashly..."

In hindsight, she thought she should have asked for more details before coming here. Yet, she knew that request would have been impossible. It was futile to dwell on what-ifs. Shaking her head, she dismissed the thought and focused on the present.

"Well, let's just observe for now. However, it seems there is someone trying to pin crimes on us as well. Depending on the situation, I may need to take action against him."

With that conclusion, the girl smirked arrogantly and let out a chuckle.

![soft scene break]

The next morning, a messenger from the royal castle arrived at my doorstep, demanding my arrest. It was all according to plan, so I complied without protest.

"Because of the suspicious medicine you brought, Her Highness has remained asleep without waking up! Distressing! Oh, how distressing! How do you intend to take responsibility for this?!" Gustav exclaimed, putting on a melodramatic performance, but it was all within expectations, so I didn't feel angry.

I lied. It was quite infuriating, but this too was part of the plan. I allowed myself to be led to a cell in silence. The reason was simple: I needed an alibi. By letting myself be arrested, I ensured that there would be witnesses who could testify that I was locked away during the critical moments.

In reality, it wasn't me who was in the cell---it was one of my Clones. Since I couldn't switch my consciousness smoothly, I planned to switch places as soon as I received the signal, allowing me, as a head of state, to avoid direct culpability for what was about to unfold. Once Gustav was dealt with, proving my innocence would be straightforward.

This was the plan devised by Great Sage, and I was fully on board with it.

I waited for about an hour in that cell. Then, finally, the signal came.

<There has been movement. We will now begin our operation.> Souei's voice echoed in my mind.

Just as I anticipated, Prince Aslan and Barak had already joined forces and begun rallying their allies. Upon hearing of my capture, Barak-san acted swiftly. Since they'd moved up the schedule by three days, it was impossible to gather everyone. Still, they were willing to take action because of my prior effort to save Princess Zenobia.

Prince Aslan would have heard about Princess Zenobia's collapse by now. He knew Gustav was behind it and would be looking to rescue me before Gustav could dispose of me. Everything was progressing as expected, making me smile to myself.

<I'll move now as well. Are you and Benimaru okay on your own?> I asked.

<No need to worry. Benimaru and I shall buy time until you arrive, Rimuru-sama.> Souei replied confidently.

<Exactly as Souei says. It's been a while since I've faced a worthy opponent; I'm itching for a fight!> Benimaru added.

<Alright then, I'm counting on you!> I said.

Souei was as confident as ever, and Benimaru did not seem anxious before the battle, but rather excited. I was confident that I could leave it to these two.

![hard scene break]

With that said, I sprang into action.

I snapped my consciousness back to the Clone left in Princess Zenobia's room and woke up.

<Oh my! You've really come?>

<Of course. I promised, didn't I?>

After mentally replying, I quickly assessed the room. The maids were present, but there was no sign of Crown Prince Sauzer or Gustav. Satisfied that the coast was clear, I quickly changed my appearance.

My usual look was too risky, so I reverted my height to that of my previous life. The 'magic body' crafted with magicules might have made my reactions a bit slower, but it offered more defense---so I couldn't complain. I kept my hair color the same but tied it into a flowing ponytail. My eyes remained golden, and while this transformation wasn't drastic, it would have to be enough.

My outfit took inspiration from Arabian Nights. Shuna had whipped up a batch of disguises overnight, and I had borrowed this one while deciding on disguises for Benimaru and Souei.

Naturally, the sudden appearance of a stranger in the room threw the maids into a panic.

"Wha, a suspicious person!"

"Could it be an assassin targeting the princess?!"

True to their status as top-tier maids, they seemed trained in combat and attempted to block my path.

But they were too slow.

"Demonwire Bind!"

" " "Ah!" " "

Using Sticky Steel Thread, I immobilized the maids in an instant.

"Now, I'll be taking the princess into my care," I declared, picking up the sleeping Princess Zenobia.

"W-wait!"

"Disrespectful! Who are you?!"

"There's no thief who waits when told to wait, just as there's no suspicious person who answers when asked who they are. But I'll be kind enough to tell you. I am the Great Phantom Thief Ri---Satoru!"

"Ri-Satoru?"

"No. It's Satoru. The Great Phantom Thief Satoru, that is. Do well to remember that!"

That was close. I almost blurted out "Rimuru," but it seemed I was more used to the name Rimuru than my real name, Satoru. Even I was caught off guard by that. I'd need to be more careful going forward.

With my declaration made, I put my foot onto the windowsill and jumped out. There was no glass, so getting out was easy even with my hands full.

<Um...why did you say 'Great Phantom Thief'?>

*Uh, well, you see...*

<---It just popped into my head.>

I recalled something random from my childhood and blurted it out... In hindsight, it might have been a mistake.

No, this should be fine.

<Ah, I see. But, wouldn't it have been better not to say anything?>

It was an innocent question, but it still stung a little. I really should avoid unnecessary theatrics from now on.

<Ha-hahaha, no that's not it. It was all misinformation to confuse them!>

I bluffed my way out of that one.

Then, spreading my wings, I soared into the vast sky.

![soft scene break]

Benimaru and Souei were acting according to the prearranged plan with Rimuru.

Before long, a carriage from the Jahil family stopped in front of the Adventurer's Guild.

"Just as expected."

"Of course. When it comes to situations like this, I don't feel like the General would make a mistake."

"Agreed."

Souei and Benimaru nodded in agreement. The "General" referred to Rimuru. To avoid accidentally mentioning his name, it was decided to use this term during the operation.

They continued their surveillance, and soon people began to gather one after another.

"Everything's proceeding as planned. I'll report to the General."

"Ah, I'll leave it to you."

With that, the operation commenced. Nearly thirty tough guys had gathered in the plaza in front of the guild. Every one of them was at least Rank B or higher, an impressive lineup.

Aslan's faction disliked having weaker members who could become liabilities and increase casualties. They intended to storm the royal castle with only their elite forces to achieve their goal. Their objective was to rescue the captured Rimuru and use that momentum to also rescue Princess Zenobia.

However, just as they were about to take action, they were obstructed by two men. It was Benimaru and Souei, dressed in Arabian Nights-style attire. Both had turbans wrapped around their heads, hiding their distinctive features. It looked somewhat out of place, but adventurers tended to have unique styles, so no one paid it much mind.

More importantly...

"What's your problem, huh?"

"Hey, are you seriously trying to interfere? You'll regret underestimating us, ya know?"

Many of them were more adept at communicating with their fists than with words. Although being a high-ranking individual came with a certain level of status, there were still many who were driven by the instinct to assert dominance through strength.

Benimaru and Souei had anticipated this. They planned to sacrifice a few to get their message across.

Among them, Paulo was the first to act. As a newcomer, he wanted to demonstrate his strength here. But that was a mistake.

Souei hadn't forgotten Paulo's complaints about Rimuru. That was why he wasn't going to miss this chance.

"Heheh, dunno who you are, but I, Paulo---known as the Bare Fist, now the Staff Commander---will take you on. If you value your life, you'll keep quiet---Pugyah, Gyagyagyah!"

Paulo was sent flying. In one strike, no---three additional strikes in a flowing manner. In an instant, Souei landed a total of four strikes.

"I'm Mineuchi."

"Mineuchi, you didn't hold back there. Isn't that a bit much?"

"This guy was badmouthing the General. He deserved a little punishment."

"I see, then I have no complaints."

Watching Paulo go down, the adventurers around them bristled with hostility. Despite that, Benimaru and Souei casually conversed, their attitude enough to provoke the adventurers further.

"Ya have some nerve!"

"Heyyy! Just because you took down Paulo, don't get cocky!"

Emotions exploded, instinct driving them to eliminate their enemies. Benimaru and Souei welcomed this response.

And so, the brawl began---but it didn't last long.

"Stop it, all of you."

"You can't win against them. Instead of useless sacrifices, we should be the ones dealing with them."

Prince Aslan and Marquis Barak, growing impatient, confronted Benimaru and Souei.

In situations like this, when facing formidable opponents, it was common to weaken them with weaker fighters before the stronger ones stepped in. However, there was also the reverse pattern: if confident in their abilities, the leaders might step forward themselves to aim directly for victory.

Normally, as royal nobles, Aslan and Barak wouldn't be at the forefront. But given the imminent battle with Sauzer's faction, they decided that confronting the situation directly for a quick resolution was the best course of action.

Benimaru and Aslan faced each other, exchanging challenging glances. Benimaru smirked confidently and provoked:

"Hmph, so you finally show yourselves. Just the kind of opponents worthy of my attention."

"Preposterous. Whether you're assassins hired by the traitor Gustav or not, if you're here to interfere, we won't hold back."

"We're not assassins, but we will be in your way."

"I have other business to attend to after this. Sorry, but I don't have time to play with you!"

Benimaru and Aslan exchanged their opening remarks and drew their swords simultaneously. And so, a fierce sword fight began.

Meanwhile, Souei and Barak faced off as well.

"Don't worry. Our goal is just to keep you occupied."

"Hmm, you think I'm going to believe that?"

"Believe what you want. The fact won't change."

"It's you, isn't it? You've been monitoring the surroundings of my house recently."

"...Oh, so you've noticed?"

"So you're admitting to it. Then I can't trust such a suspicious person!"

With that, both sides swiftly entered combat mode. The battles between the two pairs were incredibly fierce and evenly matched.

"A-amazing..."

"Hey hey, there's no opening for us to step in."

"Even Aslan-san can't overpower him; that guy is strong!"

"Same over there. Barak-san, he's rumored to be the undefeated captain of the royal guard, ya know? That guy is holding his own against such a superhuman..."

Those who watched the battle from the sidelines could only marvel at the sheer disparity in strength they witnessed. If those men had been serious, they realized, their lives would have been forfeit long ago. Some were struck speechless by this realization.

Meanwhile, amidst the turmoil...

"Tch, he's tougher than I expected. I wanted to settle this before the General arrived, but it's tough with just swords," sighed Benimaru, deflecting Aslan's magical curved blade with both hands grasping his long sword. Surprisingly, Aslan's physical strength surpassed Benimaru's.

*Though I heard from Souei, this guy's strength is the real deal. More importantly, I dislike being measured up by Souei.*

Childhood friends and close allies, and now subordinates under the common lord, Rimuru. Even though they now shared a master in Rimuru, for Benimaru, Souei was a trusted friend with whom he could discuss anything.

Benimaru had been informed by that friend that Aslan was superior in martial prowess, but he had been half skeptical. However, now that he fought against him, Benimaru realized that Souei's assessment had been correct.

*Indeed. If I borrow the power of Black Flame bestowed upon me by Rimuru-sama, I should be able to win. But that wouldn't have any meaning.*

Benimaru smiled deeper as he looked at Aslan.

"What's so funny?"

"Fufuh, well. I just feel a bit happy because you're strong."

"What did you say?"

"If I defeat you, I feel like I could become even stronger."

"Bring it on!"

Benimaru and Aslan's battle intensified further.

Aslan held the advantage in strength, but Benimaru surpassed him in stamina. Most importantly, Benimaru's skill level, honed by Hakuro, also surpassed Aslan's. Thus, gradually but surely, the tide would turn in favor of Benimaru's victory.

And then, Souei as well...

"Heh, indeed you're strong. But you're not my match."

"What nonsense. The victory is obviously mine!"

Covered in cuts all over his body, Souei appeared utterly exhausted. Despite his condition, he confidently spoke of victory, prompting an angry outcry from Barak.

However, Souei's statement was not a lie. The heavily wounded Souei transformed into a black mist and disappeared. In his place stood a completely unscathed Souei.

"What?!"

"I didn't mention it earlier, but I excel in clones. Normally, I would engage with multiple Clones, but out of respect, I'll continue this fight one-on-one with you."

It was all according to Souei's plan from the beginning. In terms of physical prowess alone, Barak had the upper hand. However, when utilizing all skills, Souei proved to be the stronger one. Unlike Benimaru, Souei's abilities were suited for suppression. Therefore, once the initial assessment was over, Souei's victory was already assured.

"You craven..."

Barak groaned, realizing their defeat at this point. With his cold and observant martial eyes, Barak declared defeat, halting the fight.

Despite Barak giving up, Aslan did not admit defeat. In reality, even from this point, there was still a possibility of a turnaround.

However, before the conclusion was reached, Benimaru and Souei achieved their goal.

In other words, Rimuru had arrived at the scene.

![soft scene break]

"Sorry for the wait!" I called out as I descended into the square. *Wait, did Souei win?* Benimaru still seemed to be struggling, but if things continued as they were, his victory seemed assured. Had he lost, it would have been troublesome, but now they would surely listen to me.

*Oh*, before anything else, I gently laid Princess Zenobia, whom I had been carrying, onto the ground. She was weakened and still asleep. Prince Aslan's voice cut through the tension. "What have you done to Zenobia?!" he demanded, but I postponed my response.

<<Report. Analyze and Assess on the individual: Zenobia is complete. Condition---Demon's Curse. Can be removed by Unique Skill Gluttony. Do you wish to proceed? YES/NO>>

*Oh, good*. I selected "YES" and awoke Princess Zenobia. "*Cough, cough*... You're really something, Mister. I never thought it would be so easy to wake me up," she said as her first words, her pure eyes staring at me. Being called 'Mister' made me cringe. My appearance certainly didn't match that of a Mister, so I should correct that.

"I'm not 'Mister,' please call me Satoru," I said, pulling out a jar of honey. It was known for curing all kinds of ailments and providing very high nutritional value. I judged it was necessary for Princess Zenobia, who had lost much of her strength and was in a state of decline.

"Well, thank you very much, Great Phantom Thief Satoru-sama!" Zenobia said gratefully. *Ah!* By the time I realized it was dangerous, it was already too late. "Great Phantom Thief?" Benimaru asked, puzzled.

"Well, you see---"

"Yes! Satoru-sama introduced himself as such. He visited me in the middle of the night, and his plan to abduct me from the castle was brilliant. Truly worthy of being called the Great Phantom Thief."

*Aaaaaah!* I should have kept my mouth shut. I never imagined I'd be exposed like this. Why did I have to introduce myself as the Great Phantom Thief? I got carried away trying to look cool, but I should have stayed calm.

*Grow up, self*---though I was 37 in my previous life...

As I thought about wanting to punch the version of myself from a while ago that said my heart was still that of a little boy, I thought about how to cover it up.

Just when I thought I had run out of good ideas, Crown Prince Sauzer's arrival became a welcome distraction. "The central road is being approached by about a hundred cavalrymen, led by Crown Prince Sauzer himself," Souei reported. He had scouted the royal castle with the clones he had dispatched earlier and had quickly detected the enemy's movements.

"Oh, they're moving exactly as expected," I said. Prince Aslan, who had been ignored for some time, stepped forward. "You there, don't just be satisfied with your own understanding; explain so even we can understand!"

Benimaru intercepted Aslan, locking eyes with him. They reached no resolution, but Benimaru was on the brink of victory. Perhaps it would have been better to settle things clearly, but with little time before Sauzer's arrival, I decided to clarify things. "Listen carefully: Crown Prince Sauzer is not a vampire. He's perfectly fine under sunlight and has no need to draw energy from Princess Zenobia."

"What?! Don't talk nonsense! Then why did my sister suffer?" Prince Aslan demanded, clearly not convinced. His reaction was as I had anticipated. The notion that Sauzer was a vampire was the trump card of Aslan's faction, and I knew he wouldn't easily accept it. But it was the truth.

"Brother, please listen!" Princess Zenobia interjected. "Just as Satoru-sama says, Elder Brother treated me kindly. He never sought to use me. Like you, brother, he cared for my well-being!"

"Then I ask you this! Who orchestrated your collapse?"

"That's---"

"It was Court Physician Gustav," I cut in, seizing the moment.

"So, that conniving fox was the mastermind all along?" Aslan asked.

"Is this true?" Sauzer, the country's crown prince---who had arrived with his entourage---asked as well. I had timed my entrance into the square based on Souei's information, intending to reveal the true mastermind.

"...!"

"...Your reaction seems genuine. So, Gustav truly was the mastermind?"

"Brother, I've always suspected you were under Gustav's influence..."

"Don't look down on me! But if Gustav did harm Zenobia, I have no grounds to act all high and mighty."

The two princes carefully studied each other's reactions. They judged the sincerity of each other's words and found themselves bewildered.

"Satoru-sama lifted my curse and healed my eyes!" Princess Zenobia interjected. "He also listened to my plea and is trying to reconcile you, my brothers. There is no falsehood in my words; Gustav is the one tormenting me!"

Despite still recovering from years of confinement, Princess Zenobia stood up, her body not fully healed yet she declared defiantly. The two princes couldn't hide their agitation and began to seriously consider each other's claims.

"Yeah, perhaps I should have heard it directly from you," Crown Prince Sauzer admitted. "Instead, Karl told me that you had treacherous intentions---yes, why did I end up trusting Karl instead of you?"

"Karl, you say?" Prince Aslan echoed. "My friend told you... Could it be?!"

Who was Karl... Yes, I remembered now.

He was a longtime friend of Aslan, who had fabricated evidence about the Origin Blood.

"I heard from Karl too," Aslan said. "He claimed you had taken the Origin Blood and turned into a vampire."

"Hmph, unbelievable. So that man played both sides and deceived us both brothers..." Sauzer concluded.

The realization hit both princes as they exchanged glances. "Where is Karl?" "Find him! Capture him at once!" they ordered, and their loyal followers sprang into action. Even Barak-san bellowed orders.

The square in front of the guild branch descended into chaos. Amid the turmoil, a laugh that seemed out of place echoed through the area.
