# Story 11: Fine Foe

Gabil gradually felt enraged as he grew hipokute grass in the cave every day.

"Hey," he spoke up, "speaking of Souka, rumor has it that she's improved greatly as of late. Wouldn't she one day become stronger than me if this continues?"

"That's true," one of his subordinates chimed in, "Souka-sama was already a capable warrior worthy of being the captain of Abil-sama's elite bodyguards and has since become a force to be reckoned with, next to Gabil-sama. With her training under Souei-sama, she's grown well beyond her past self."

"Indeed," Gabil nodded. "Her performance against the megalodon during the Charybdis crisis was fantastic. All of this must be thanks to Souei-sama's training."

Gabil and his subordinates agreed, they had no problem acknowledging the power of Souka, who was from the same clan as them, and spoke openly about it.

"That's gotta be the case. But it can't be helped that we haven't been put in more important roles," Gabil observed. "We are still outsiders and were once hostile towards Rimuru-sama. We should be grateful for being accepted as companions. Moreover, I've started to gain more interest in the cultivation of this hipokute grass---"

"That's true."

"Indeed, indeed."

Gabil basked in the support from his subordinates, then exclaimed what had been irking him: "---However! Souka not only received the important task of espionage, she is also gaining strength at the same time! This may not be good. If this is to continue, I may lose my dignity as her senior, further deepening my shame before her! Don't you guys think that in order to be one's senior, one has to be stronger as well?"

"Ga-Gabil-sama..."

"Perhaps you are thinking too much..."

"No, no. The monsters in this cave are unable to pose any threat at this point. If we continue to live like this, we may lose our sense of danger. My spear-work may also get dull over time. At least thanks to Rimuru-sama's grace in dispatching Hakurou-dono as our instructor, our basic training and troop formation exercises are on point... But this is not nearly enough! Isn't there anything else significant enough, where the likes of us could be of use?! Especially in this town where only the very best will stand out..."

*Regardless, Hakurou's weapon of choice is the sword, thus I have no way to improve my spear-work, other than working hard on my own,* Gabil thought to himself.

"Indeed. Setting us aside, the monsters in the cave are hardly any threat to Gabil-sama..."

"Hm-hmm... Souka-sama receives Souei-sama's abus---no, guidance and has been steadily improving. Nansou, Hokusou, Touka and Saika have been thriving as well. Presumably, what's necessary is an opponent of similar strength, at least that's what I think will work."

"...Indeed, yes. My ability is undoubtedly a bit higher than some of yours. But, an opponent, hmm..."

These whispers and complaints swirled around Gabil's party.

Meanwhile, someone was giving them a cold look. That would be Vesta. From his point of view, them bragging about the monsters in the cave being laughable, was proof enough that they were plenty strong.

*And since they've already become this strong, what's the point in pursuing more strength?*

Plus, before that...

*That nonsense can wait, could you guys start separating the hipokute from the weeds instead...*

Vesta thought to himself and sighed internally.

![soft scene break]

Gabil's party reignited their discussion during break time.

A man approached them while they discussed.

"Hu-hu-hu, I've heard of your complaints!"

It was Gobta. Vesta half-telling, half-complaining, told Gobta about Gabil and their concerns during their lunch break.

"Oh-oh, Gobta-dono. I see you are able to get inside without even using the magic circle. It would seem you've grown a bit as a fighter."

"Of course! When spending time with that old man it's inevitable, no matter how bad it is," Gobta said with pride.

"So, what seems to be the issue?" Gabil asked.

Gobta cut to the chase with his question: "I heard you were looking for a rival. Allow me to be Gabil-san's opponent."

"What?!" Gabil was shocked by this response, yet upon second thought, it didn't seem to be such a bad proposal. Based on pure strength, Gabil was no doubt stronger, yet he had always been defeated by Gobta so far. This could be attributed to Gobta's wit and adept combat coordination, which Gabil himself lacked. He was well aware of his shortcomings. He also received the advice that "having technique is far from being strong. On the line between life and death, the inability to react can be lethal" from Hakurou. Recalling this, Gabil thought to himself that he could leverage Gobta's bizarre fighting style to help him improve his reaction speed.

"I understand now, that sounds like a great proposal. However, Gobta-dono's job---"

"Just call me Gobta. I'm in this to learn how to wield a spear, and since I went through quite a lot of trouble to get this weapon from Rimuru-sama, I want to practice and master it as well."

Gobta showed off his kodachi. Despite being a short sword, it was a magical weapon that would transform into an ice spear upon being covered in water. Gobta was unable to master the way of using a spear himself, hence why he was looking for a training partner.

"Very well, Gobta-dono. No, Gobta, from today onward, I shall teach you the art of the spear, and in return---"

"I'll be Gabil-san's opponent and teach you the ways of fighting dirty."

"Hmm! I look forward to training with you, Gobta."

"The feeling is mutual!"

With a firm handshake, a new friendship was born. One that would develop into a secret, competitive relationship.

![break]

All the while Vesta shot an ice-cold look towards the two from a distance.

*Gabil-dono is such a simple man. And what in the world is "the ways of fighting dirty"---*his eyes were burning with a desire to argue...

But Vesta had since learned to read the air and decided to remain silent on the matter. Among the three, there is no doubt that Vesta was the one who had matured the most.