# Story 13: Roads of|Delicacy

Gard Myourmiles was a famous merchant.

Not only that, he also happened to be the head of the Kingdom of Blumund's underworld. He was an arrogant man, strict with his money, and refused to stoop to flattery, even with the most prominent nobles---these kinds of comments about him were common across Blumund, and that sentiment had reached as far as Ingracia.

However, in reality, Myourmiles was hardly a cruel and ruthless man. He had a surprisingly loyal and caring personality. He offered work to orphans and those in poverty to ensure their basic welfare. *To allow debtors to work for what they cannot pay back*---as Myourmiles put it. Speaking of which, it was Myourmiles who'd been organizing extra work for those who couldn't work for the Freedom Association.

It was Myourmiles's true character that puts him on good terms with many influential people, including the nobles of the Kingdom of Blumund.

To facilitate his future business deals, he had made favors and indebted others on many occasions. By leveraging his relationships skillfully, it was a piece of cake for him to earn favors from the nobles through collecting these debts. Because of this, Myourmiles was able to firmly accumulate power and strengthen his territory. Through this, he was able to earn his place and voice in the Kingdom of Blumund.

![break]

I had come to Blumund to meet this prominent businessman Myourmiles. I had two goals in mind this time:

To get more manpower in order to officially set off the hotel operation, and additionally, letting him help me collect food ingredients. In terms of manpower, the goblins under my rule were well trained in customer service due to Vesta's guidance. The quality of their service could probably satisfy high-class visitors such as Duke Elalude or King Gazel.

However, the money-managing staff fell short due to their lack of talent. It would take at least a couple of months to even teach them elementary arithmetic. It was a time-consuming process for these guys, so they couldn't just pick up skills by studying in their free time during work. But that was only natural, considering that these monsters had never needed to study before in their life. They were a bunch who had good muscle memory but were lacking in brainpower. The capable ones could simply obtain skills by feeling like doing so. Those who weren't as capable had to learn through doing hard work themselves and gaining experience manually. As the latter method would undoubtedly be met with failure, we realized we would need to find backup personnel.

And so, I decided to pay a visit to Myourmiles since he was well-known among merchants to be good at accounting.

However, the real goal of my visit was to get him to help me gather new ingredients in order to develop new meals that we could bring to the market. For instance, the ramen from our last meeting. Not the instant noodle type---but the real deal.

Cake existed in this world as well. If I were thorough enough, I could find it somewhere. I was hoping Myourmiles could find out more about this type of stuff for me. If all attempts fail, then it would be time for Raphael-sensei to do it's thing.

<<Answer. Food name: *ramen*; Analysis completed. Necessary ingredients are--->>

Fufufufu, that's what I'm talking about, INCREDIBLE JOB RAPHAEL-SAN.

The ingredients needed for ramen started streaming through my head non-stop. They had all been tagged with their places of origin with perfect accuracy. The only thing left to do was collecting them.

But that was the problem. Residents in my country did not have permits to enter other countries. Although I was in the clear, being an adventurer, no one else could go and import foods to my country.

This was another significant challenge. So, I had come to discuss with Myourmiles about it. I quickly headed to his shop in Blumund.

![break]

"Myourmiles-kun, I've come to play!" I greeted in a jovial tone, lifting the curtain, and entering the rather luxurious entrance. But at that instant---

"Oi ya cheeky runt, where'dya think yer running into?"

My greeting only attracted a yakuza looking clerk. A few others like him showed up from the back of the shop after hearing the little commotion at the entrance.

"Ehh, what's the matter? I thought I'd pop by because Myourmiles-kun said, 'You can drop by anytime you want, Rimuru-sama!'"

"Myourmiles...kun? My ass! You goddamn filthy runt, how dare you address Myourmiles-san with that loose tongue!"

"Oi, don't ya know you'll get yer ass kicked with that kind'a attitude?"

"We ain't lettin' it slide even if ya start to cry, ya bastard!"

They all shared the same mean expression and hollered rude things at me. Were they all some kind of street thugs? I kind of wanted to complain.

"Oh my, I'm truly sorry. I was told to drop by anytime, so---"

"Ya piece of shit! Myourmiles-san would never give a brat like you a second look!!"

"Hehehe, meh, she looks pretty cute though; are ya planning on tricking Myourmiles-san?"

"Sorry kid, that guy likes women who are busty and tight in the right places! He won't ever take ya with just a pretty face."

"Ya really shouldn't go tricking people. But we wouldn't mind *having some fun* with you."

My words were being drowned out by the clerks' jeering, and it started to get to me, not to mention some of the thugs giving me disturbing looks at the wrong places.

"Fellows, I'm Myourmiles-kun's friend, you know?! Also, I'm a man, not a woman. And I'm not planning to trick him in the first place!" I straightened my chest and announced this to stand my ground. Meh, though I was going to borrow some money from him this time...

However, this would be a great deal for him as well. Myourmiles seemed to have earned great profits through the healing potion trades, which was an idea I came up with, for him to make money. Through the sale of healing potions in the country he got to develop new industry in the local area. And through these new industries he came up with new merchandise.

To put it nicely, I was here to persuade him into financing me, in other words, to try and trick his funds. I'd be happy, Myourmiles would be happy. And so, we had the opportunity to strike it rich with this idea and keep a win-win relationship at the forefront. Normally, saying "opportunity to strike it rich" would probably make one suspicious. I would definitely say no to that offer. Stuff like "Absolute money maker!" firmly placed anyone saying it under the con-artist label.

HOW-EVER!

This time, it was truly profitable. It would *definitely* make money since even Raphael-sensei agreed it would be lucrative. This time, I would definitely convince Myourmiles and make him accept it. This was absolutely *not* fraud; my conscious didn't hurt one bit. Therefore, I was about to respond with righteous indignation---

"Zip it! Who're ya trying to fool here?"

"Talking apparently won't work, ya want me to use my little friend here to sort things out for ya?"

Everything I said fell on deaf ears, and now one of them was trying to intimidate me with a sword sheathed around his belt.

*Ah ah, this is really*... I sighed internally.

It really couldn't be helped since I wasn't familiar with Myourmiles's underlings. It would seem that I'd only be able to get through to them using brute force...

Right as I was about to give up, someone familiar entered from the back of the shop.

"Oi, what the hell are you all fighting over in the front of the shop?!"

I turned to the direction of the voice, there stood a man I missed---it was Bydd. The man Kabal met in Blumund, the man who once was a conman. After he was hired as Myourmiles's bodyguard, I met him again in the Kingdom of Ingracia... Our fates intertwined once again; it would seem he had been formally employed by Myourmiles after that.

"Yo, isn't this Bydd, how are you doing lately?"

"Ah?" Bydd straightened himself upon seeing me and saluted with a 90-degree bow, demonstrating great respect. "W-well if it isn't Rimuru-sama! Yes! Because of you---no, by your grace, I have been doing great! Seeing you in good health is the most wonderful thing to me!!"

What a dramatic guy.

"That's great to know. Speaking of which, these guys won't let me into the shop, and it's been a pain. Can you convince them that I'm actually Myourmiles's friend?"

Bydd should've been a Rank D-plus adventurer, I heard afterwards that he got leveled up to Rank C. So, I suppose he was more sensible than these guys here. I was asking him to help with that in mind and it went even smoother than I had imagined.

"Y-you guys, do you wish to ruin this store?! That is *the* Rimuru-sama!!"

The troublemakers' confidence melted on the spot, and they started to tremble hearing Bydd's shout. Everyone began to line up, imitating Bydd, and apologized profusely to me.

" " "We are t-truly sorry!! Please forgive us!" " " they shouted, bowing deeply before me.

There were tears in everyone's eyes. A bunch of grown-ass men all trembling out of fear. I initially thought they were just afraid of Bydd, but it would seem they had realized who I was. I didn't expect to scare them like that but, after all, I *was* a demon lord these days. Myourmiles must have learned that and told these guys. Then it wouldn't be strange to tremble upon hearing my name alone. If I had known that I should have just told them my name. With this crowd, they would've probably just let me pass after hearing it.

"I'll give these assholes a good lesson afterward but please do forgive them this time."

They lowered their heads as he said it, so I had no reason to pursue it any further. Yet still, with my pardon, those guys looked as if their heads were about to be served on a platter as they were taken away.

"Th-that person is the demon lord---"

"That's completely different from Myourmiles-san's drawing, no?!"

"You're kidding, right? Tell me it's all a lie..."

"A-are we getting killed...?"

---Etc.

I overheard some bizarre things from their crying, but I would ignore it for now.

![soft scene break]

"Hey, hey! Rimuru-sama! It's an honor that you have visited us!"

"Don't be so formal with me, Myourmiles-kun! We go way back, after all!"

Myourmiles happily laughed along hearing that. His enormous, obese body, a symbol of his wealth, jiggled with his laughter. But he was truly an ace merchant.

"Hahaha, it truly makes me happy to have you say such a thing. So, what has Rimuru-sama come for this time?" he asked and immediately switched to a more nervous look. I also entered negotiation mode with a grin.

"As a matter of fact, I've brought something highly profitable for you this time."

"Oh? And what could that be?"

"So basically---"

![break]

I explained to him in detail while sipping the black tea served by the female clerk from his shop. Myourmiles showed an uncomfortable expression and fell silent after hearing about the development of new merchandise.

"Given these are orders from Rimuru-sama, who's taken good care of me in the past, whether it's selecting credible talents or purchasing food materials I would happily take the jobs. However, to find personnel for research and development of new merchandise, that would be..."

Myourmiles was a merchant so having him innovate on new food ideas would probably be hard. Even if he was good at transforming the new products into commercial merchandise, to develop new merchandise seemed far beyond his abilities. However, my goal was only to get the ingredients for the food. After which, we would be taking over.

"No, no. We'll cover that part, Myourmiles-kun. I only hope you can transport the ingredients to my town. After the new products are complete, I'm planning to supply them to hotels along the road to Blumund. So, I'll have to rely on you again for the supply of the ingredients when the time comes."

"I see... In other words, if Rimuru-sama's plan works out, I would get to add new merchandise in my trade. Is that so?"

"That is exactly the case. If the new merchandise gets popularized, you can also sell them in other stores you own."

"What! But wouldn't that cut Rimuru-sama from the monopoly..."

"About that, didn't I just mention getting financing? Since you've contributed monetarily already, it is only reasonable to share the profits in return."

This deal wasn't over as soon as the business turned a profit and I was able to return the money I borrowed. I made sure to elaborate on that point. Myourmiles also seemed to gradually gain more interest, listening, and nodding as I went.

![break]

"I understand now. Very interesting! Then allow me to assist you!!"

Myourmiles then promised me a plan of financing. He was easier than I imagined.

*Kukuku,* *Myourmiles-kun, you are too easy.*

![break]

Now that the important business was done, I had to ask about something else, "By the way, I've been curious for a little while..."

Myourmiles stopped and turned as he was handing over the contract to confirm with me.

"Is there something wrong?"

"Yeah, about that. There's a painting over there on the wall, is that a painting of me?"

In that reception room filled with expensive yet tasteless furniture just to show off his wealth, only that painting adorning the wall seemed unique and out of place. The painting depicted a beautiful female confronting a dragon, whose appearance seemed way too mature and hardly resembled me at all.

"Kufufufu, it's exactly that! It was painted by a famous artist, inspired by the time where you saved me in Ingracia."

I seemed to have flipped a switch on Myourmiles, who started to prattle on and on. It would seem he had utilized magic to extract his genuine feelings during that time in order to never forget the gripping sensation. But seriously, this exaggeration was a bit over the top.

Ehh, but my appearance originally belonged to Shizu-san. So, I couldn't really deny it when being called a beauty, but being drawn like this---it made me look like a goddess glowing with holiness.

"Oh well, isn't this a little *too* exaggerated?"

"Not at all! I think this is hardly sufficient yet!"

I got in a bad spot upon pointing it out, having been refuted by Myourmiles and had him enthusiastically recalling details of his situation at the time. The female clerk seemed rather accustomed to the situation as she came to refill the black tea, it would seem this sight was rather mundane.

On second thought, even if I gave my name to those thugs looking after the shop, they probably wouldn't have been able to tell I was Rimuru from the painting. After all, if they were used to looking at the adult version of me in the painting, they probably can't imagine the real Rimuru being someone who looked like a kid. Never mind, there was no use concerning myself with that. I figured I should try to show others my current appearance more from now on so they wouldn't mistake me again.

![break]

Myourmiles fulfilled the contract and purchased massive amounts of raw food ingredients from different countries. I couldn't say it didn't expect this, but I couldn't find a dish resembling ramen anywhere.

It was time to proceed as our deal stated and develop some new recipes. More and more precious and unique ingredients were being imported. My most loyal and proficient chefs would be expecting them at the brand-new kitchen.

![break]

Among them was Gobichi, who had been training under Shuna from the start. He was extremely upset when his kitchen was wrecked by Shion, and I was able to bait him into my scheme under the condition of building him a new one. These recipes could easily be recreated if I asked Shuna for help. But that's if we chose to rely on Shuna's cooking, there would be too much of a burden on her at the end of the day. So, this time I decided to bring in my own research and development team. Definitely not hoping to earn some extra cash for myself.

"So, what type of dish are we making, Rimuru-sama?"

I grinned and handed the product to Gobichi after he asked.

It was a bowl of Ramen completed within my 'Stomach'.

"I-is this?!" Gobichi swallowed his saliva as he stared at the ramen.

"Try it out."

"Yes sir, here I go then..."

Gobichi started to taste the ramen upon finishing the sentence. He was rather handy with chopsticks, likely from watching me eat with them. Gobichi nodded strongly to me as he took each bite of the ramen and let its taste sink in.

"This is amazing, Rimuru-sama!" he exclaimed with joy on his face. "This thing will definitely win everyone's heart!"

"Right? Isn't it delicious?"

"This is beyond delicious! All right, how in the world do you make this?"

"Ha-ha-ha, that would be your job to find that out!"

"Huuuh?" Gobichi's face froze with confusion hearing my laughing answer. He didn't seem to catch what I meant and kept on blinking as he slowly processed my words. That was precisely my intent after thinking it through. It would be meaningless to just produce it with my ability. We had to find out the recipe step-by-step. That was precisely why I'd summoned him. But his surprised look was really giving me a headache now.

"Listen, Gobichi, you can use this kitchen to your heart's content. All ten of the disciples here are at your disposal. With that, I hope you are able to find out a recipe of ramen available for everyone with this bowl as reference," I told him while teaching him all I knew about making ramen. How to make the noodles, how to cook the broth as well as other general information regarding making ramen. Sadly, I was completely ignorant on the details of this process, so I'd have to rely on Gobichi and his crew's efforts.

"...In other words, there are things that even Rimuru-sama doesn't know---no... I get to do whatever I want, right?"

"That's the spirit. I've given you a completed version, you just go ahead and research it as a reference to whatever end you wish."

Although I felt conflicted in my heart, given how reckless this was, I still felt justified saying so. After all, this was the most crucial part of the plan, I'd have to go through with it regardless of how much of a mess it may lead to. I planned to recreate even more cuisines from my original world. I'd merely chosen ramen as step one of my grand scheme. Now wasn't the time to give up!

Gobichi seemed to have read the air and answered as I'd hoped.

"I understand. If it's Rimuru-sama's request, I shall put my heart and soul into it!"

"Oh oh, you are truly reliable. Good luck, I have faith in you!"

At last, Gobichi readily agreed. He obtained a new kitchen built by Geld and helped facilitate both my interests and business---no, new commercial endeavor---and seemed rather overjoyed by it. *Thank you Gobichi*. From now on he would probably work very hard as well, and I just had to kick back and wait for results.

![break]

After which, things went smoother than I had imagined. I was able to push the responsibilities entirely onto other people---ingredient purchasing to Myourmiles and the specific culinary details to Gobichi. Myourmiles didn't seem to care about the budget while Gobichi didn't seem to care for sleeping.

What about me?

My job was to be everyone's back-up (cheerleader). Play cute and poke at Myourmiles's fat tummy for more money, singing a song to support an exhausted Gobichi. As soon as the two showed a smile, one would spit out the money while the other would jump up and continue working.

At last, the three flavors of ramen, including soy sauce, miso, and pork bone were successfully recreated, alongside the choice of thick or light broth. Other merchandise such as dried fish broth and white chicken broth were also successfully developed.

"Amazing! As expected from Gobichi!"

"Hmm, this is indeed delicious. All thanks to Rimuru-sama's suggestion."

I was highly satisfied and gave out the passing comment. Now this would definitely be a culinary hit. Myourmiles who'd been called to taste-test the food also seemed satisfied, commemorating its deliciousness.

"Thank you, gentlemen! I'm now quite confident in making ramen."

"Hmm-hmm, with that spirit, I'll rely on you for the remainder of the plan."

"Yes si---ah, *huh*? Hasn't the development of ramen ended already?"

"That's true, Rimuru-sama. We already have so many varieties, it would be more than sufficient to open shops with these, right?"

The two express doubts as they both thought the plan was over.

*Too naïve*. I could never be satisfied after merely recreating ramen!

"Ku-ku-ku, you guys are way too naïve. Who ever said that this was the end of my plan?"

"AH?"

"But---"

I interrupted the two with my next ambitious product. The king of home-cooking restaurants, a dish known around the world---hamburgers!

"Th-this is!" Gobichi's motivation spiked once more as he laid eyes on the new dish.

"Huhuhu, Gobichi, the recipe for this food is not challenging at all. However, it is extremely difficult if you want everyone to make the same flavor of it."

"And what do you mean by that?"

"For now, figure out how to train you men, so that they can all reproduce the same flavor! From there, let them develop hamburger meat unique to their own shops."

"I see!" Gobichi exclaimed. "You wish to have my disciples run their own shops and allow them to compete among each other, right?"

"It would seem that you have noticed, Gobichi," I confirmed with a smile. "The more people capable of making the dish, the further the relevant food chain would spread across the world."

"I understand! Allow me, Gobichi, to do it!!"

"Very well," I nodded in response. With Gobichi's correct interpretation, I may have also sparked his ambition in creating a shop of his own. However, Myourmiles overheard our conversation...

"Does this mean I have to invest more money..."

His face turned pale as he realized he was going to increase his budget again.

"Kukuku, Myourmiles-kun, no need to worry! Those fully-developed ramen have already been on sale! Not only within my nation, it has been gaining popularity across the traveling hotels along the roads. I think it's also about time to promote it across the Kingdom of Blumund."

"S-so?!"

"That's right, it means it's almost payback time."

"Ohohohoh, truly, as expected, Rimuru-sama!"

"Indeed, indeed!"

"Kufufufu, so it will all be fine under Rimuru-sama's care? I understand, please allow me, Myourmiles, to handle the preparations for the next round, when we open the hamburger shops."

I was able to sweep away his concerns with one smooth talk. That sealed the next deal with him as I returned the initial funding. After which, we generously poured in more of his funds and developed new products one by one.

![break]

A while later we encountered a crisis mid-way---our information was leaked to Veldora and we were forced to teach him how to make takoyaki. But that's an interesting story to tell another time.

Even if there were losses, they were expenditure on Myourmiles's tab. And I still continued pushing forward plans without any fear of failure...

At long last, we were able to develop a diverse menu of dishes. With different hotels adding to the competition, the sales kept on growing higher and higher. The initial losses sustained by Myourmiles were also compensated with ease.

"Kufufufu, I can't seem to stop. The money we can make just never seems to go away!"

"Aren't I right, Myourmiles? Everything is according to plan!"

"Please allow me to partake in any future plans you may be cooking up, Rimuru-sama!"

"Most certainly. But in return... I hope you understand, right?"

"Of course, of course. I won't slip a word, whatever you wish, just come and ask me."

"Hmm, aren't you the obedient type? I'll take good care of you in the future."

"Yes! Yes! Do come to me if you ever need to discuss any more deals!"

I tucked the little bag handed over by Myourmiles into my pocket with a nod. There was no need to confirm the contents, it was definitely the usual stuff.

"Ha! Ha! Ha!"

"Ku! Ku! Ku!"

I laughed along with Myourmiles, and Gobichi on the other side was happily examining the cooking machines he received. It was a reward I told Myourmiles to prepare for him. Not only did I eat delicious food, but it also got my wallet full. Myourmiles was able to take over these new rising trades and profit through the prospering business. Even Gobichi seemed overjoyed, surrounded by all the precious food ingredients and cooking machines collected from around the world. As planned, everyone came out with a win.

![break]

All the new recipes born from the incident were supplied to the hotels along the roads to the Blumund and Ingracia Kingdoms. Apart from that, the road to Dwargon also experienced a similar development. From some point in time and onward, travelers started showing up in the hotels just to taste the food. Then on these roads, chefs and food-enthusiasts from different nations gathered due to their reputation, causing the streets to be occupied fully by different food vendors.

---In the future, these roads were named "Roads of Delicacy".

![break]

Such is the origin of the naming, but I, at the time, couldn't have foreseen such a future.