# Story 9: Milim and Honey

Milim Nava was a demon lord.

In her long and tenacious life, she was never defeated. To alleviate some of the boredom in her life she visited a town and encountered a monster. Even though it had overwhelming magic power and magical ability, it posed no challenge in Milim's eyes.

After greeting each other, Milim decided to observe its attitude. What followed, was a one on one situation against that monster, Rimuru. She would win if she could sustain the opponent's attack, the match's rules were that simple.

*No matter what kind of attack, even a sneak attack, none of it will work on me!*

Milim was filled with confidence, her excitement only growing by the second at the thought of what unexpected thing may happen.

*Well then, what type of attack would he use to cheer me up?*

Rimuru, in human form, charged towards Milim without hesitation. She was absolutely thrilled.

"Take *this*!"

"Mmmm...?!"

He had thrown a water ball. Oddly enough, there wasn't any sort of power put into it.

*Could it be poison? Now that would be a boring trick...*

Milim had complete resistance against poison. To think this monster called Rimuru had decided to use this type of trick, he clearly wasn't as interesting as she had expected. Milim's disappointment was immeasurable and she was left feeling rather lonely.

*I've lost my interest; I'll just squish him flat now. I'll be sure to make Karion regret this*---

As these thoughts passed through her head, she licked the goo left behind by the ball, which had harmlessly splattered on her mouth. In that moment, a shock jolted through her body.

*What is this?! This is so delicious!!*

What leaked from that water ball overwhelmed her with a sensation of sweetness she had never experienced before, to the extent of numbing her body.

"Heh-heh-heh! What's wrong, demon lord? Lay a hand on me, and the secret behind what I just treated you with will be lost and buried forever---"

Rimuru's voice reached her ears, but Milim's mind was busy elsewhere. She analyzed this delightful sweetness and already figured out what it was. Containing numerous nutrients and likely distilled from nectar---it had got to be honey. With Milim's Skill 'Dragon Eye', analyzing the components was a piece of cake.

The difficulty in refining the honey to this level was what made it special. It definitely wasn't any ordinary honey, there were some miraculous components within in.

*This is...nectar? But how is it made to be so tasty and sweet...?*

This sensation on the tip of her tongue, the sweetness was top notch. Honey like this was capable of restoring any abnormal status, and even healing incurable diseases within an instant. This among other things exemplified the extremely high nutritional value of the honey.

From what she could imagine, Rimuru most likely employed a highly capable monster for refining and collecting nectar from the blossoms of rare flowers. But she had no idea what monster would spend that much time and care on producing honey...

In other words, it was a first for Milim, who lived unimaginably long, to experience such deliciousness. As a result, the final verdict of this confrontation evened out to a draw. Anything other than victory was rare in Milim's long-lasting life. However, she regretted nothing there. On the contrary, she now felt an unprecedented sense of excitement.

"Well, then from today forward we are friends."

Rimuru's words kept echoing in her head.

*Wha-HAHAHA*, a huge grin spread across her face, unable to hold down this irrepressible laughter.

*Friends huh, that's a really nice reply!*

![break]

To Milim who was considered the strongest, it was exceptional enough for an equal to exist. Most of the people felt nothing but fear towards Milim, and so the notion of making friends never occurred to her. This monster named Rimuru seemingly couldn't care less and announced it so frankly. Milim was truly happy about that.

![break]

With that, Milim got a friend and said farewell to the boring days.

![soft scene break]

Rimuru's nation offered a variety of dishes, and every day she got treated to something new. The worshippers of Milim were simple folk, their cuisine emphasized the natural taste of ingredients and centered around raw dishes. Thus, Tempest's elegant meals with elaborate recipes were all new to Milim. In truth, she once thought that eating was completely unnecessary, which turned out to be a huge mistake.

Tempura, burgers, steak, and croquettes, as well as ebi fry. Here, there truly was a diverse cuisine. It was so good that it made Milim regret not having given more thought to what she ate earlier.

"The meals here are truly all delicious!"

"I know that already, so please stop eating sweets while having meals."

"Why?"

"That's basic manners. If you don't pay attention to the food's taste while eating it, wouldn't that be disrespectful towards the chefs?"

"All right I got it. Hang on, what are you eating there?"

Milim stared at the white, fragrant dish that Rimuru was eating.

"This is dessert, some freshly made pancakes!"

"WHAT! So, dessert is different from sweets?"

"Totally different, it's fine because it helps to refresh the taste buds after a meal."

"Oooh!" Milim shouted then hastily finished dinner. She did so pretty quickly, but that was because she picked out all of the tasty food, leaving behind only bitter vegetables.

"Uwah, they are still quite bitter."

"Don't just leave the vegetables, you have to eat it with the food. That's what happens when you leave out the things you dislike."

"That doesn't matter, please give me some of those pancakes!"

"All right I get it. We can add some syrup to make it taste better, which one would you like?"

In front of her were different jams and honey. Milim grabbed one of the bottles without hesitation.

"You sure like honey."

"WHAHAHA! Of course I do!"

The pancake covered in honey didn't betray Milim's expectations, it was as delicious as she imagined. She thought to herself as she ate the last piece:

*Although the sour and sweet jams taste nice too, there's no doubt honey is better---it's number one!*

---Of course it was.

![break]

Because to Milim that honey was the "taste of happiness". And with that, another day began, another happy day.