# Story 1: Psychidae|Gobta

Hi everyone, this is Gobta!

![break]

Right now, I'm undergoing Rimuru-sama's punishment. It's called a "Psychidae Hell", being tied up by wires and hung under the ceiling.

Despite how it sounds, there isn't any pain or suffering involved. I am able to relax my body and stay in a relatively free state. This is surprisingly comfortable. And since the wires are flexible, my body can, in fact, move. However, the wires won't break regardless of how hard I struggle, and all I achieved by moving so much is causing myself nausea. So, I've come to realize that it's perhaps better to just stay still and be quiet.

My mind now focused on something far more heart-breaking than the fact that I'm all alone here. Rimuru-sama and the others went to the Night *something* club without me! This is taking things too far. I wanted to go as well...

Instead, I really have nothing to do now...

I suppose it's rather impossible for me to escape by myself, my only hope is to summon one of the direwolf buddies to save me. But how is it possible for me to do that? Not even Captain Rigur can pull it off. I really shouldn't have to worry though, because if I was left like this it must be simple to do. This is probably Rimuru-sama's clever challenge. He is so mean though, I only overslept a little... But I'll probably make Captain Rigur and Chief Rigurd mad by saying such things. This better not get out to them.

Although I complain, there isn't really any pain or displeasure, aside from being bored out of my mind. At the end of the day, Rimuru-sama is still very kind and gentle. I suppose that's why everyone adores him.

Meh, he will probably let me get down by tomorrow when he returns, I just have to endure for the night.

![soft scene break]

This is really strange.

A whole night has already passed and it's morning now, yet Rimuru-sama and the others haven't returned. Did something happen? Maybe they are just going sight-seeing or are spending the night somewhere else. But honestly, I'm beginning to feel hungry. I really hope for them to be back soon.

![soft scene break]

This is really bad... It's been three days, yet Rimuru-sama and the others still haven't returned. That's worrying, but---right now I've got no time to worry about others!

Right now, I am facing a real crisis. Even though it's pretty terrible to have an empty stomach, a far more pressing issue has come up.

![break]

*Piii-glug-glug-glug-glug...*

![break]

My stomach hurts... I'm able to keep the pee in, but now I'm faced with a number two. While under attack from both, I feel as though my psyche is being trained to the extreme.

Also---ahh! Right now, I'm dangling in a living room with a fur carpet just below my feet. It would be another thing if it were a carved stone floor, but if I get such an expensive looking carpet dirty, even Kaijin-san would be mad... The same goes for Rimuru-sama, he will probably be furious at me for causing havoc in the room, someone who has never really paid any attention when he explained stuff like going to the restroom and taking showers.

It would seem, right now, that my situation isn't only making me uncomfortable, but putting me in danger. So, then what should I do... No, it's not just a little...this is *really* bad...

My body started convulsing while I struggled to endure, causing the vibrations to pass onto the wires, starting very subtle oscillations. If this continues, it is only a matter of time before great tragedy strikes. It seems impossible to cut the wires loose, so I have to wait for Rimuru-sama to return. No solution now; I'm completely out of options. The sweat that had built up started flowing down, getting into my eyes, and blurring my vision. If there is no way out, then I should just give up, and let it all out---

No, wait a second? Speaking of which... To the desperate me, I heard voices akin to heaven's call:

*"If you ever feel like giving up, just try summoning your buddy to save yourself!"*

That's true, Rimuru-sama did say that. I'm definitely being tested! And knowing this, I must be able to summon one in an instant.

![break]

*Buddy, please come! If you don't come quickly enough, something horrible is going to happen!!*

![break]

I called out in my heart, and with that I felt the transmission of the message to the direwolf, who had not experienced this before.

*Seems to be working!*

And so, I kept calling after my first attempt and was able to grasp the connection of consciousness by the third time. If that's what it takes, then it'd be a lot simpler since my psyche has already been tormented to its limit at this point.

At long last, I was able to successfully summon the buddy before reaching my absolute limit and let it carry me to the toilet.

But what happened next in the toilet, when I emptied my bowels and lost my grip on reality, will remain a secret.

Luckily, all of this happened days before Rimuru-sama returned, giving me enough time to clean up any and all traces. Due to actually managing to summon a companion, I was quite surprised by myself, which cheered me up a bit.

But this is certain, I don't plan to tell anyone at all that I had almost failed in doing so. I'm taking this secret to the grave.

![break]

The hardship behind my success, that was its story!