# Story 10: Geld and Work

My name is Geld. I am the one who inherited the will and name of the orc lord. We failed in our conquest and now serve under the reign of Rimuru-sama. That is most fortunate in hard times such as these. After surrendering we were not being treated like slaves nor spent the days in misery. Instead, we received mercy beyond our imagination and were treated with kindness.

---This ushered in days without starving.

To me, who was granted the inheritance of the name Geld, Rimuru-sama was our enemy at the time. Rimuru-sama granted me a *name* and *work*. He shared with us a piece of his great power as well. And it was because of that, my brethren received strength to survive in this cruel world. Brethren dispersed in different locations, having their own place of residence, devoted to their duties. Even though there were many difficulties during the start, everyone is now able to help and connect among others to continue making a living. All of these events have been according to Rimuru-sama's will.

Connecting roads, town to town, village to village, tribe to tribe. In the mountains that lacked food, we constructed mines. Fish from the lakes, grains from the wetlands, wild vegetables from the plains. And receiving plentiful gifts of the Forest. Exchanging them based on the needs of other parties. These roads were built for that purpose.

Improving the efficiency of transportation will undoubtedly eliminate starvation as well. To us who were once forced to the brink of extinction, our life now is undoubtedly fulfilled, it's like a dream. After all, we have a variety of food sources and they get distributed equally among the tribes.

![break]

As long as one works, one's life is ensured. Knowing this, I dully yet uprightly continue working. "One who does not work won't get anything to eat," these are the words of Rimuru-sama. Food can be guaranteed through working. What a wonderful thing. In the past, people were overburdened, in fear of going hungry and not even having the strength to work. And now, we are able to stay full just by fulfilling our duty. You can't even compare the two.

We are the fortunate ones; this has carried on from the moment we joined. This happiness, I must protect it to the end---indeed, 'tis my heartfelt promise.

![soft scene break]

"Hey hey, you are overworking yourself, Geld-kun?"

"Is that so, Rimuru-sama? Although I hardly feel that way..."

"That said, you are already working on finishing the road to Dwargon, training soldiers, and connecting roads among different tribes in the Jura Forest... That's way too much work!"

"Hahaha, there is no need to be worried. Also, most building related work is under Mildo-sama's supervision as well."

"No no no, I know about that. I'm not only worrying about the supervision, but the crew as well. You've realized that the orcs with us have been overworking themselves to the point of fainting, right?"

"Please be reassured, we are not that weak. It is simply a difference in training method, more importantly, we feel happy about work."

"You Idiot! My point is that overdoing anything is bad news whether you are happy or not."

![break]

He got mad at me. Indeed, once being told so, I could see the tired expressions on everyone's faces. It may have been due to my good regenerative ability that I hadn't noticed the mounting fatigue. At this time, Rimuru-sama continued:

"Besides that, you have to find value in life beyond work, try to explore some other interests. Like fishing, painting, crafting, etc. Your fingers are quite agile, it may also make you happy if you went to help Kaijin with some crafting, no?"

Crafting...how about that? Although I didn't have much interest in fishing or painting, crafting did spark my curiosity.

![break]

Rimuru-sama showed me some very well-made humanoid dolls.

"This was the magic doll made for Demon Lord Ramiris. It has joints and is capable of complex actions. Isn't it interesting? You should try it out too. Looks fun, right? And besides that, I also have---"

Rimuru-sama kept on talking and showed me a selection of dolls, saying that there were plans to make even more models in the future. There were also carriages and buildings among other things I'd never seen before. However, I was most interested in the one that looked like a rectangular box with multiple wheels---I think it was called a train or something.

"This is a train all right. In the future, it should be speeding down the roads you are working on."

Rimuru-sama smiled and explain it to me. In hearing the plan, a doubt within me was answered. I had always been puzzled about only laying stone tiles on half of the road that we built across the majority of the forest. So, it must have been because one day we would lay train tracks on them to allow trains to run on them. Rimuru-sama pulled out a model of the train track and placed a model train to run on it.

"Just like this, but before the actual thing is constructed, why don't you try experimenting with the model, wouldn't that be interesting? For you, surely this can also act as an enjoyable hobby."

*What a novel idea*, I thought to myself. To be really interested in your work---as expected of Rimuru-sama. In the near future there was new work, but also fun awaiting me. That prospect lit a fire of motivation within me.

![break]

And then...

Today I am content. The starvation is long gone, in its place my heart is overflowing with fulfillment. It is a delight to work for and serve this great master. I also developed new interests, and before long, there was work awaiting me.

What satisfying joy this is.

Rimuru-sama not only stopped the hunger, but also brought fulfillment to our hearts. As expected of Rimuru-sama. On that note, I also swear higher loyalty towards him.