# Story 7: Fishing

On that day, Milim couldn't keep her cool since the morning. Or in other words, she had come to my room at the crack of dawn to hurry me up.

"Don't worry, even though I won't get mad since I don't need to sleep in the first place, but you're really pushing it with your antics this time."

"What are you talking about! I also only needed a little bit of sleep. That's all fine, so can we get going now?"

"Calm down, that's not the problem here! We may be good to go, but it's still the middle of the night. Even if we go out this early in the morning, Mister Fish may still be asleep."

I was trying to persuade Milim, since tomorrow, or rather today, we had made plans to sneak out of town and go fishing. She had been looking forward to it way too much, and the only thing she could do was to come looking for me, to get things started.

The way she acted barely resembled the staidness one expects of a demon lord, instead she was quite the selfish brat. To be honest, I wasn't sure whether the fish were still asleep or not, but either way I was able to convince Milim to stay put.

![break]

Two hours later, it was finally time to set out as planned, accompanied by a happy Milim. Having a body that did not require sleep really helped me when coping with her overly energetic shenanigans. We snuck out of my room and exited the building. Outside of town, we found Gobta waiting for us as promised.

"You're pretty early, I also just arrived."

"Yeah pretty much, though Milim has hurried me many, many, many times..."

"I...see..." Gobta nodded and seemed to be able to sympathize with me.

"WHAAAA! Come on, let's set out now. I'll show you guys my real power in this thing called fishing."

With Milim making such a boisterous statement, I got the feeling she may have misunderstood something? I was a bit worried about what would happen if she got annoyed and started to make a scene.

Milim---I figured it would be fine if she caught anything, but if not, she may get bored easily.

"Is there really no problem?" Gobta asked with concern.

"Probab...ly. Let's not waste time thinking about it, if it doesn't work, we would just have to call it early."

"Sounds about right. Then we should be on our way."

And so, we set out to the sea for the main event---fishing.

![soft scene break]

By that time, the sun was shining with a bright smile. We had reached the seaside. It was my first time seeing the sea in this world, it appeared to not be notably different from the earth's oceans. Apart from some additional sea creatures, the ecosystem seemed to differ slightly as well. But it was basically the same.

![break]

We found a stone bank and set up our spot for fishing.

"What do we do with this?"

"Ah, so you need to combine it like this, and then hook the bait on it."

I decided to teach the first-time fisher Milim, who was very excited for what was to come, the basics of fishing---from rod composition to bait hooking. Gobta took out his own fishing rod but was immediately halted by me. It was a self-made fishing rod, consisting of a short branch with some fishing line tied to the end of it. This crude thing was hardly fit for use in the sea.

"Wait a second, that is for river fishing, right? It probably wouldn't handle being used out at sea. Try this one instead," I said, handing him a spare rod I had prepared in advance, to prevent Milim from breaking it.

"Yahoo! This one is the real deal!" Gobta exclaimed, excitedly holding the rod I gave him.

"If you like it you can keep it. I still have one more ready."

"Really? Superb!"

Gobta started fishing happily. Milim also cast her bait, not wanting to be defeated. This must have sparked her competitive spirit to face off against Gobta.

Let's see how it worked out...

![break]

A few hours later:

Milim was astonishingly more patient than I expected. It was probably because she caught two small fish and had her interest bolstered.

"You guys must be hungry? It's about time to make a meal," I declared, announcing it was time for a break. As soon as I said this, the (ungodly) sight of Milim rolling the bait used for fishing into a ball and eating it, was burned into my memory.

"Ugh, it's disgusting."

"No shit!"

"You're the one who made it, Rimuru, so I thought it would be tasty..." Milim scowled at me resentfully while saying so.

*What a preposterous thing to say! Why would I bother to season the fish bait?!*

I promptly prepared the sandwiches before Milim could get mad and distributed them among our party. After that we continued fishing until three in the afternoon and enjoyed a long-overdue vacation.

![break]

By the way, I caught the highest amount of fish. Originally, Gobta was supposed to take second place, however, I gave Milim ten fish out of courtesy, reversing their final ranking.

"This is also *my* first time fishing in the sea..." etc. etc., Gobta bemoaned sadly.

At least this outcome was way better than Milim throwing a nasty temper tantrum. Well, at least that's what I thought---

"WHAAAA! Well then, let's step it up next time!"

"Exactly what I had in mind!"

Milim and Gobta already made promises for a rematch.

![soft scene break]

And so, we returned to town after a fun day. But the atmosphere upon our arrival seemed somehow off; everyone appeared to be out looking for someone.

"They seem to be looking for someone, could it...be us??"

"Hmm, that would be strange. I remember leaving a memo so that they wouldn't get worried..."

"---Memo? Speaking of forgetting stuff. Look, here's the thing you dropped, Rimuru sure is easily panicked!" Milim responded to me proudly while holding what was undoubtedly my memo.

*Milim, for crying out loud, what have you done?! We were just supposed to sneak out*...

"Hey?! That's exactly it!!"

"Wait, this is a terrible situation! Who could blame everyone for panicking!"

I stared at Gobta, both of our faces turning white as the color drained out of them. Not only did we sneak out, we didn't even leave any method for them to contact us... We were definitely getting scolded...

Once they found us, Shion and Shuna scolded us all harshly with bloodcurdling expressions on their faces.

![break]

And after that, for a while, going out without informing others was prohibited. But that's a story for another day.