# Story 6: A Pink Scenery

Beyond a cloud of hot steam, there existed a heaven on earth where everyone hoped to enter, the ideal place.

Kabal and Gido's envious glares were already quite annoying. But not only them, Kaijin, Garm, and the other two dwarf brothers, they all looked terribly jealous.

These guys... They just didn't know when to quit. And no matter how many times I scolded them they just continued coming back. Ultimately, Shuna's icy stare, coupled with a good beating from Shion, made them give up.

"Damn it! It's not fair that we can't join you."

"Right... Even just one look would---"

Kabal and Gido shed tears of regret while the dwarves gave them some comfort. This had repeated for countless days. While their guts may be commendable, I could only remain silent---after all, I was currently heading towards...

![break]

I was carried into one of the two separate rooms while held in Shion's arms. We were at the hot spring, of course.

Yes, in order to heal from the day's hard work, Shuna and Shion brought me to the female only hot spring. I think you get the idea why the others were so relentless in their attempts at getting in. The three ladies surrounding me, were Shion, Shuna, and Elen, beauties and cuties. The three, completely naked, entered the bath with me. There was no better place on earth, this was truly a feast for the eyes.

And today there was another guest, Demon Lord Milim was joining us.

"WHAHAHA! I didn't expect such a comfortable spot, this truly is a great country!" Milim shouted while running around naked.

Worried that she might slip and hurt herself, I reminded her to slow down. At first glance she was an absolute cutie, however once she did or said anything, her remarkably childish demeanor became readily apparent. I suppose that was Milim's charm...

Nonetheless, there's no doubt that she was easy on the eyes...and I...I was grateful for my good fortune every day.

![soft scene break]

The hot spring was wonderful. Thanks to it, I got to enjoy all kinds of positive effects it had on me, so it was only natural that I would drop by on a daily basis. I may have been a guy before, but I was a slime now. Even when transforming into my human form, I still had no clear gender. Therefore, there was *clearly* no problem with me entering the female only bathhouse.

Today we were having Milim over, which had tainted our normally serene and peaceful atmosphere with noise and excitement. Nonetheless, I felt calm and collected, as though I were merging with the surroundings...leaving my body to the mercy of Shion and Shuna.

With a "pwa-pwa" I got covered in suds, followed by the "puyo-puyo" of me getting rubbed, they cleaned my body carefully. It was sights like this that made up our daily routine at the hot spring...

Even though I didn't appreciate art as a hobby, the sight in front of me still got my heart pumping. Shion had beautifully toned muscles, and yet, she had giant, soft, mature fruit growing upon her chest as well.

Shuna had a slimmer figure and soft, porcelain skin. Although her mystic fruit were not large in size, their beautiful shape was arguably ideal. Two pale red protrusions adorned her tender, white skin. Their existence enveloped my mind in its entirety.

Both were great, extremely wonderful.

As for Elen, she was constantly looking back and forth, comparing herself to them. She still has much room to grow, so I figure there's no reason to paint a bleak future because of it. This may have been the end of the world to her, but if only that was my biggest worry, I couldn't help but laugh.

---Then, it's back to the care-free Milim.

*WHAHAHAH!* She was laughing hysterically while swimming in the hot spring, full of energy.

*Little kid, huh*. Mental age around elementary school, probably. But one thing I wanted to stress---*please stop using me as a kickboard!*

Wait, I could actually float, right? Even though I *could* float, I felt there was probably something wrong about this. Although it sounds amazing and enviable to be used as a cutie's plaything, there was no way I could agree to this treatment...

I was in the middle of appreciating the beautiful situation, when suddenly I was getting slimehandled out of nowhere... It took me a moment to even process what was happening---I thought I would drown... No, actually, there was no need for me to breath so what was I worrying about?

Shion rescued me from Milim's clutches and continued to wash my body as usual... But as Shion tried to apply the special herbal soap Shuna had prepared, Milim robbed me from Shion's hands again.

"Hey, what are you---" I was appalled.

"WHAHAHA!"

Without answering, Milim stretched me out and started wiping her body with mine.

"Hey! Don't use me as a towel!!" I shouted unwittingly. I escaped from Milim's hands in a frenzy, washed off the soap bubbles, and rushed into the hot spring to draw a safe distance away.

"Tsk, how stingy of you, Rimuru," Milim pouted with annoyance.

Hold on a sec, this was completely different from being selfish, right? I had to stay vigilant and not let my guard down for one second.

However...

For the time being, I started to keep an eye on Milim, and her alone. Shion and Shuna started to stare at me, like eagles watching their prey, which I failed to notice at a time when all of my attention was on Milim.

And so... When I finally did notice, my body had already been used as a towel by Shion and Shuna. This was kinda---no, surprisingly---comfortable, but I made up my mind to keep this a secret for life.