# Epilogue: The End of|the Dream

Yuuki laughed in despair.
*Oh, dear. I tried my best, but is this as far as I got?*
It had been a little over ten years since he had come to this world.
It started with the encounter with Kagali, the Demon Lord Kazalim, and he had been striving to achieve my wishes ever since.
He had made friends with whom he could share his heart, and together, they had shared many hardships.

However, rapid growth also came with its own setbacks. Rimuru's continued success was an anomaly.
It was inevitable that the plan would collapse when he failed to see the change in Clayman. For Yuuki, this had become a guilty feeling.

There were a few other things on his mind, and so he decided to finally greet everyone with a thought-accelerated 'Telepathy Net.'

"Sorry, guys. I didn't do a very good job, so I'm sorry for the mess I've gotten you into."

Yuuki apologized, but no one blamed him for it.

"It's not just the boss' fault. Rather, I think my failure was a bigger factor."

Kagali also felt a great deal of guilt. If she hadn't been so obsessed with Leon in the first place, the current situation wouldn't have happened. However, if Kagali hadn't been obsessed with Leon, she might not have met Yuuki, so it wasn't all that bad.

As if to comfort Kagali, Teare also spoke up.

"Don't cry, Princess. I remembered a few things, too. I don't know your name or anything, and it's like a mixture of memories and feelings, but I was the princess's maidservant. And you know, it's the king who was to blame! The maids were all on the princess' side. So don't you regret it, okay princess? I'm only happy if I can accompany you to the end!"

Even if it ended here, Teare had no regrets.

Kagali saved her life that had already ended, and gave her a new purpose in life. If she could die with her, Teare would be happy.

"Teare, you..."

"Ahaha, that was fun! Footman and Clayman loved the princess. So, we were grateful to the boss. I like her as the Demon Lord Kazalim because she was strong and handsome, but after all, the princess was the best looking!"

"Well, that's true. At first, I laughed because I thought it didn't suit her, but now I'm more comfortable with it. If that's what you're supposed to look like, then I guess it's natural."

Even Laplace agreed, then added with a laugh, "So, boss. Don't worry about it. We did the best we could. I have no regrets. Clayman will be waiting for us in the afterlife, so let's live happily there!"

He did everything he could.
Bad things and good things.
As a man who walked the middle lane, he lived his life without shame.
That's why Laplace was so proud of himself and his friends.

"Wahaha, it's the last time, so you can complain more, right?"

"I have no complaints."

"Mmm-hmm! Yeah!"

"Well, we all believed the boss. If we can't do it with the boss, then we'll just give up."

Still, Yuuki insisted.

"Laplace, are you sure you want to come with us? I heard someone calling your name. If you're on your own, shouldn't you be able to get out in time?"

Silvia turned to Laplace and called out "Sarion." At which point, Laplace---

*"I see. So my real name was Sarion."*

He remembered a lost memory.
He turned to Silvia and was relieved to see that his beloved wife was safe.
But that was all.
He was already dead.
It had been more than 2,000 since he had been born as Laplace.
How could he go home now?
Besides, the most important thing for Laplace now was his friends, Yuuki, and the others.

That's why Laplace replied with a joke, "No problem. I am Laplace. I am the vice chairman of the Moderate Clown Troupe, and the Wonder Pierrot Laplace. Well, it's a little late for that now, so don't worry about it, boss."

"...Is that so?"

"Sure. Besides, you can't just leave me out of this at the last minute!"

Hearing this, Yuuki also felt warmth in his heart.
Although the world had been unreasonable, his life had not been so bad.
In that case, he decided to fight with all his might until the last moment.

"You're all idiots. But I don't hate it."

"Don't let the boss tell us that!"

"That's true. Yuuki-sama is smart, but sometimes he acts like an idiot. That's exactly what he did this time."

"Ahaha! But, you know, it's kind of fun to work together in the end!"

Facing the threat of Jahil, Yuuki and the others' hearts were united.
When you're with your friends, even if it's hell, you can still enjoy it.
So there was no need to be afraid.

"Then, farewell. I'll break your soul into pieces and wipe you off the face of the earth!"

Even after hearing Jahil's death sentence, the smiles on Yuuki and his friends' faces did not disappear.
Immediately afterwards, a flash of light brought everything to nothing.

![break]

Playtime was over.
The ambitions of Yuuki and his friends had now reached the end of their time.