# Interlude: Gazel's|Melancholy

Upon seeing the scene reflected on the large screen before him, Dwarf King Gazel fell silent.

"This is..."

"My liege, I see a look of panic on your face. If this has you so worried, it shows that you still have a lot to learn."

Old hag Jaine, the appointed archwizard, jabbed at Gazel.

"You can't say that, Jaine. Not even I know how to react, seeing conventional warfare turned on its head like this."

Replying to this, Admiral Paladin Vaughn gave off a difficult look in Gazel's place.

He couldn't blame him for that.

With technology provided by Rimuru, they were able to prepare large screens broadcasting the on-going battles live. Even the Hero King Gazel found the situation rather baffling.

"Looks like the 'common logic' of warfare has already been completely toppled."

After saying this, Dolph, Commander of the Pegasus Knights, answered tiredly.

"These weapons are called tanks, I'm certain that even the 'Magic Barrier' conjured by legion magic would not stand a chance. Were we to confront them without prior knowledge, we would be doomed to failure. With that being said---even with its menacing power, as we were told in advance, it seems we could actually stand a chance against it by constructing trenches and earthen barriers..."

Everyone agreed with his view.

Obviously, a single earth barrier would not be able to defend their attacks, but with several layers set up, they could dampen the destructive power of tank shells. As such, this was what had been concluded.

It was a solution formed from Rimuru's knowledge. Although the battle had already ended before they even had the chance to try it, based on calculation of the weapon's capabilities through the live feed, they had reached the conclusion that this weapon did not in reality have an overwhelming power.

"From the looks of the Empire's equipment, they seemed to have prioritized mid-to-long distance combat as opposed to close-quarter combat. Were there not any heavily-armed soldiers? They all seemed to be carrying light equipment."

"I have tried to investigate regarding that observation. I heard that the Empire had developed a new type of weapon called 'Spell Gun'. It is a weapon that would allow even the most incompetent soldier to master magic with ease. Moreover, they also seemed to have equipped some of their troops with this Otherworld weapon called "Guns". Looks like the Empire had already determined close-quarter combat to be outdated."

"The age of swords is over, it's only natural for the Empire to think in that way."

Dolph nodded thoughtfully.

This weapon called a "Gun" allegedly could pierce through iron armor with ease. When confronting these tank troops, even castle walls would seem obsolete. These weapons seemed to almost intend to mock the weapons and armor, which the dwarves regarded as their main industry, as outdated.

With that being said---

"This is not the Otherworld. Even the military tactics that worked well there need to be well incorporated with the concept of magic to be usable here---Is that what you are saying?"

"Precisely. Even though "Spell Guns" are also a threat, they were very unlucky with their opponent. His Majesty Rimuru has had an abundance of scale shields from the encounter with Charybdis. He has generously shared some with us. With these shields, most magic attacks would not be effective."

"Yeah."

Utilizing the concept of magic, they could combat many modern weaponries. While on the other hand, the enemy's magic would be rendered ineffective by their defense. One could say that these perfect counters for each of the aforementioned matters was a disaster for the Empire army. The Empire's over-emphasis on mid-to-long distance combat also made them significantly more frail upon closing in distances. This was a huge misstep in terms of tactics.

"No matter what situation one faces, it is ultimately the way one plans and conducts that matters. We shouldn't make the same mistake as them. We must put all the information we gain from this war to good use."

Gazel concluded as such, though in his heart, he thought *"But that is all secondary."*

There was something far more important than weapons and tactics, but he did not announce it out loud. That aspect was the individual strength of each monster.

Some obvious examples would be Gobta, Ranga and Gabil. It would seem that even the monsters serving under them had improved greatly too. In addition to that, the mass-produced healing potions with no cost allowed them to engage in a more dangerous style of combat as well. Unlike before, Rimuru's nation has managed to harvest Hipokute grass in mass and in terms, could supply large amounts of healing potions. That was something that flipped over the common logic of warfare as well.

However, what's even more---

"King Gazel, could I perhaps advise you on something?"

"No need. I already know what you have to say."

"Be that as it may, this matter requires addressing."

"..."

Jaine's tone was rather heavy. It was a word of advice meant for everyone in the room. Having been acknowledged by Gazel's silence, Jaine opened up.

"Those demonesses were very unusual. The spell that burnt those flying ships ablaze was a form of ritual magic, the Greater Spell---Nuclear Flame. It was something even I would have trouble casting by myself. The magic used by that white-haired lady was even more problematic, a move called Death Streak---to my knowledge it was not something the human body could control, a forbidden spell---"

Everyone listened to Jaine's words in silence. They all observed the unusualness of those demonesses from just the few days they spent together with them. Head of the Night Assassins, Anrietta had previously looked into their backgrounds.

These women were new-hires in the Tempest Federation. Allegedly, they had come out of nowhere having been brought in by Rimuru's right hand man, Diablo. Their true identities were of the demon race, and sources pointed to the fact that they seemed to be old acquaintances of Diablo.

Rimuru had said that he appointed them as intelligence officers and sent them to oversee each corps. Gazel had suspected that things were not as simple as they seemed, and it would appear he was on the mark.

"In truth I have been wondering about this before, could it be that they are..."

"In other words, Your Majesty had already guessed the true identities of those young ladies?"

"Y-yeah...but it's probably for the best to stay ignorant."

"What nonsense is that?! We have all seen the absurd battles they fought; it frightens me more not knowing the truth."

Jaine had a point, the scariest things about those demons were their combat capabilities. Even Gazel seemed to be on the verge of uttering *"You've gotta be kidding!"* as he was watching.

"...Besides, we have already prepared ourselves for it. My liege, even you were shocked by them. Your emotions were written all over your face, so we've all managed to piece some of the puzzles together."

Jaine said so thoughtfully as the others nodded along.

They were Dolph, Vaughn and Anrietta.

Turning to face his reliable companions, Gazel also made up his mind.

"It happened during the night of that festival."

"Are you referring to *that*? The time that you were invited to the country of monsters?"

"Now that you mentioned it, His Majesty Gazel was invited to some sort of a secret meeting. We were all placed in the next room waiting. What happened then?"

"Yeah, it's regarding Rimuru's secretary---or butler I suppose. I believe you've all seen him, too."

"Yes, you mean Diablo-dono. He seemed like quite the gentleman."

"There seemed more to him than it appeared. What is it with that guy?"

Those who attended the "Tempest Founding Festival" had all met Diablo. Anrietta was protecting Gazel in the shadows, so she also knew what each of Rimuru's executives' looked like along with their names.

Only Jaine was unaware due to her absence before Gazel dropped the shocking news.

"---According to Elmesia, Diablo is a Primordial."

" " "..." " "

"H-Hold on a second. What are you talking about? My liege, what was that you just said?"

Jaine's face suddenly turned pale, on one hand, praying that she had heard wrong, on the other hand, asking Gazel to verify. However, reality is cruel.

"I'm saying that he is a primordial. And the one that comes to mind is Noir. Only, he is not bound by his own domain and travels at will. There were accounts of people seeing him all over the world."

Realizing he couldn't hide it anymore, Gazel decided to spill the beans. He explained rather calmly, yet as good as a calm look he put on, he could not fool Jaine.

"Wait, hold on a second! My liege, hold on!"

"What is it?"

"What do you mean 'what is it'? Are you saying that that primordial---Noir, has become Demon Lord Rimuru's subordinate?!"

"That is indeed the case."

"T-that's a HUGE problem! Why have you stayed quiet until now---!"

Jaine shouted in despair. As she did so, the others followed, rubbing salt into the wound.

"Could that mean... Miss Testarossa and Ultima were also..."

"H-hey, that'd just be a bit too... Just too much. Surely, they are probably just Diablo's servants, some more ancient demons, right?---"

Dolph and Vaughn made a somewhat optimistic inference, yet it was quickly rejected by Anrietta.

"Besides those two, I heard that there were many others who were recruited by Diablo-dono out of nowhere. From the looks of it, they all seemed to be Diablo-dono's subordinates, however---the military attaché Testarossa, chief prosecutor Ultima, Chief Justice Officer Carrera---these three seemed to have been acquainted with Diablo since a long time ago...They appear to treat each other as equals."

"Oi oi, are you serious now?!"

"His Majesty Rimuru is acting way out of line this time..."

"S-So you are saying there are three people who are considered equal to a primordial? There's no way... But certainly, what the two of them just did was..."

While everyone wanted to deny this matter, the truth itself was fairly obvious if they were to put everything they had seen into consideration. At the very least, even Jaine could not tell the true strength of Testarossa and Ultima.

"That's why I told you all that it's best to stay ignorant."

" " "..." " "

"In any case, perhaps I was wrong to have stayed quiet about the matter concerning Diablo. But what could we do even if I had shared it? While it would be an entirely different matter if he were up to no good, Rimuru has personally promised to keep him under check. I also decided to trust the words of my junior. It's just that I could have never expected him to go and find more primordials!"

*That's not really the point at all*---While everyone thought so, they determined it would be meaningless even if they protested it out loud at this point.

"Speaking of which, I have already made my resolve the moment I chose to believe in Rimuru. They already have the 'Storm Dragon' on his side, it's already too late to do anything else now. You guys should make up your minds too."

It was not that simple. Be that as it may, Gazel was not entirely unreasonable.

"Very well, I have always put my faith in you. If it's someone you trust, I do not oppose."

"Indeed. I have seen His Majesty Rimuru with my own eyes. He was a trust-worthy man, so I concur with King Gazel."

"I am my liege's shadow; your wish is my command."

"Geez. I have faith in you as well. I've actually met His Majesty Rimuru before he became a demon lord. It's just a bit frightening to think that all the unbeatable powerhouses are concentrated on his side...but alas, it is all too late. Besides... We can't do anything about it, so there's no use thinking about it."

Hearing Jaine's words, everyone agreed. Perhaps they could have argued about a solution had there been one, but this was an unsolvable problem. Trust or not, these were their only options.

"Let's pause on the matter for now."

Gazel adjured the discussion with these words.

![break]

Did this mean the war had come to an end? Not necessarily the case.

Even though the army closing in on the central area of the Dwarven Kingdom had been eliminated, the situation was still at a standstill in the eastern region. Moreover, an air of danger still lingered around the Tempest Federation's capital Rimuru.

"Speaking of which, that brat Rimuru...He's already achieved a major victory, is he really not satisfied with the result? What a terrifying guy."

"No, it is possible that this was not His Majesty Rimuru's intent. Perhaps the Empire has yet realized its army's defeat, and so had not paused their invasion."

"Hm, that's very likely too."

Gazel nodded along to Dolph's comment. Had the Empire realized the massive defeat they had suffered, they would most likely have disengaged promptly.

"My liege, moreover, the Empire likely communicated through magic between their armies. Now that the state of war was so quickly turned to a defeat of this extent, it would be hard to believe even if they were to see it with their own eyes... So surely if others were to receive reports of this massacre, they would question the authenticity of the report if not treating it as the enemies' deception."

"I probably wouldn't believe a report like that either. General Calgurio of the Empire is not inept, but I doubt he could decide to retreat at this point. He'd probably end up being mocked as a coward if he were to. The fools back in the Empire probably won't fully comprehend the situation here and retreat unless they properly get defeated for once."

Both Jaine and Vaughn's judgment were fairly reasonable. Gazel also thought that had he been with the Empire, he would have made the same judgment. He only pitied the officers and soldiers on the frontline in this battle---But that would just be a burden the invaders would have to bear.

Gazel was famed as a wise ruler, but right now the Empire was his enemy, and he did not intend to give them any leeway. Besides, he was not obligated to do that anyway. He needed to hold his position firm with a cruel heart to anticipate what came next.

"Two-hundred forty-thousand of the nine-hundred forty thousand strong army invading the Great Jura Forest has been eliminated. Surely Rimuru's victory has been secured now." Gazel muttered.

"I suppose so. But it'd be rather naive (or perhaps cute) for him to get careless now---That's not the type of person His Majesty Rimuru is." Vaughn followed him up rather thoughtfully.

In the end, just how big of a sacrifice would the Empire army have to endure...?

"We have to make sure this war is recorded, perhaps to serve as a lesson. Let all humanity know this by heart to never advance against a demon lord."

" " "YES SIR!" " "

The logics of warfare had been shattered, and while the theories about the monsters' strength were merely induction, they most definitely had reached Catastrophe-class. It was perhaps thanks to luck that Rimuru and his subordinates' goal was not to dominate the world, but rather to co-exist and prosper alongside humanity.

The Empire was truly suffering the fruits of their own labor.

In order to not let their sacrifices go to waste, Gazel decided to witness this war all the way to the end. Moreover, he had to make preparations for the worst-case scenario. That is, if he were to ever become Rimuru's enemy---

While praying that things would not come to that, he had to consider what to do if push came to shove. Even though he proudly told his companions that he believed in Rimuru, that was merely his personal sentiment. As the ruler of a kingdom, he must consider all possible scenarios to minimize harm done to his people. He could not stop simply because of a seemingly unsolvable issue.

*That being said, it would be utterly foolish to go against a primordial. Nor could we win against Veldora. Honestly, surrendering is our only option...*

Struggling against such an unattainable issue, Gazel felt beyond troubled.