# Epilogue: The Final|Winner

Yuuki had obtained Mariabell's power.

"I wish you'd told us this from the start."

"Hahaha, didn't I already tell you that it wasn't possible? It was thanks to my method that even Mariabell was caught in the loop."

"But it was awfully tiring for me to keep all my subordinates away!"

While Yuuki was fighting Rimuru, in order to preserve the secret of Yuuki's power, Kagali had tried to draw the attention of her crew. She was afraid that Rimuru would see through her act if she did anything suspicious, so she had been very careful.

Getting seen through by others wouldn't even pose any problems, in Yuuki's personal opinion. Even if his enemies found out about his ability to nullify Skills, they still wouldn't be able to counter it easily. It was an ace in the hole for Yuuki, but definitely not his trump card.

"I did that because I had faith in you. We managed to pull through successfully anyway, so just quit complaining."

"You seem to have robbed Mariabell of her power, was that part of your plan as well?"

"Yes, I mean, sort of. The Deadly Sins are the strongest Skills among the Unique Skills. That's why I always wanted one. I heard that the amount of 'Desire' one has is what fuels the power of 'Greed,' therefore I would be the better owner of it. And that's how things went."

"You can be really absurd sometimes. Normal people can't just rob other people's Skills, you know?!"

"Probably. But this time it was the 'Greed' that chose me. With that being said, I still can't win against that Demon Lord Rimuru with it."

"---You have a point. That demon lord was beyond common sense."

"Seriously. But now, we can put the blame onto Mariabell for all our evil deeds. I get to walk free of any suspicion. For now, we'll have to quiet down, but we'll have more fun, nonetheless."

"Given how things have developed, rushing it wouldn't help. That demon lord really was meticulous, to the point of it being disgusting. I've got quite a lot of complaints about our plan this time, but I suppose I'll have to accept it."

Kagali's complaint was mainly towards the destruction of the tomb.

Yuuki explained to Rimuru that Mariabell committed suicide by turning on the engine reactor. He wanted to destroy the evidence. The explosion only covered the lowest level, and the damage was less severe than expected---that was Yuuki's explanation.

The truth was that he detonated a pre-placed magic bomb, but he twisted the narrative by saying: "The explosion was smaller because the residual energy within the engine reactor was relatively low." In order to make himself more believable, he had even scattered scraps of the actual engine reactor. No matter how their opponents were to question them, Yuuki was ready to lie until the end.

This was what Kagali had a problem with.

"Didn't you plan to abandon the place anyway? Don't think about it too much," Yuuki reassured.

To Kagali, it was the city that she had lived in for a long time. After she had handled everything, she planned to turn it back into a lively city, like it was in the past. Yet now the most important part, the tomb, was gone. No wonder why she was upset.

"---That's not true. This was still like our second home," Kagali shrugged, which Yuuki met with a bitter smile.

"You have a point. But thanks to this, we have profited, nonetheless. Getting my name cleared was our goal in the first place. Moreover, we learnt that the 'Blood Shadows' sent by Mariabell were capable of 'Holy Magic.' That's a major breakthrough."

"Indeed. I noticed it too. The reason behind the Council's connection to the Western Holy Church was due to the secret true identity of the head of the Council of Five Elders."

"That's right. It was covered on the news as well. It was quite the hot topic for a while, as a matter of fact---the civil war of Farmus caused the reputation of the champions to go downhill. It also heavily reduced the influence of the Council on the Western Holy Church. This also points to another fact! Mariabell's great-grandfather, Granbell Rosso, was probably one of the Seven Luminary Clerics."

"I see... As expected from Yuuki-sama, such sharp observation."

Kagali had keen observation as well. Yuuki's deduction was, in a sense, the same as what she'd been suspecting. Therefore, she could now confirm the matter.

Yuuki then looked at Kagali with an evil smile on his face. "I suppose, I can still handle this level of deduction. Compared to that, I found something of even greater significance, do you know what it is?"

He looked at Kagali as he finished, seemingly observing her reaction. Kagali only knew so much information, so she raised her hands as if saying, "I give up."

"I was trying to figure out Mariabell's operation this time. She was acting particularly hastily, wasn't she? Even if she had killed Demon Lord Rimuru, Veldora might've come out to rain chaos. Manipulating the Chaos Dragon would also enrage Demon Lord Milim. Weren't you nervous as well? You were afraid that Milim would have seen through your disguise, right? I thought that she was being too reckless to have pitched herself against such a dangerous demon lord, as well as a True Dragon."

"Now that you've laid it out, it does sound a little..."

"There was no way that Mariabell could have overlooked such risks. By her logic, every outcome should have had its solution planned out. Then, what would be the solution in this case?" Yuuki looked straight at Kagali as he asked. He didn't actually have an answer, but instead was merely trying to organize his thoughts with the question raised.

"You're right... My guess is that perhaps she was already certain that her own safety was ensured?"

"There's that, but I don't think that's all."

"Perhaps she realized she had to make a sacrifice, and steeled her resolve to give up the minimum amount? She seemed to be afraid of Demon Lord Rimuru's rise to power. Perhaps it would make sense for her to suffer some losses at this stage, in order to benefit in the long term..."

Hearing this, Yuuki nodded with a "Hmm."

"Well, in my opinion, there's no way that she would have resorted to those tactics had she not known how much sacrifice was required. It was most likely the opposite. If you could predict what level of damage your actions would cause, you would probably be able to tell the cost and benefit of your actions immediately."

"---And that would mean?"

"Even if Veldora and Milim were to lose control, Mariabell had a way to deal with both---I have sufficient evidence to back up that claim."

"..."

"And what would that be?"

"Is it Granbell---?"

"No." At this point, Yuuki had already found the answer. A smile emerged on his face as he looked at Kagali. "Who fought against Laplace at the Holy Land?"

"Demon Lord Valentine---AH!"

Seeing Kagali's reaction, Yuuki's smile widened with satisfaction.

"Indeed. Demon Lord Valentine is already dead, yet among the Octagram, there's another Valentine. Surely, the real demon lord is stronger than the fake one."

"Even the deceased Valentine could stand toe-to-toe with me during my prime... That would mean..."

"The real deal is much stronger! In addition, I am certain that the demon lord's base is within the church---"

"Are you saying that Demon Lord Valentine is also the god Luminas? No way, how can that be...?"

"It *can* be, and most likely is the case," Yuuki said with certainty as Kagali also realized the truth.

"I see, that would explain... For someone like Granbell, it wouldn't be strange if he had known the truth."

"You are correct. Mariabell was in on it as well. It was precisely because she knew that when she had made the judgement, believing that the god Luminas would be there to protect the Western Nations."

With Yuuki's explanation, all of this made sense.

Kagali could only accept it. There was no room for her to argue.

"If that's the case, we need to design a new strategy."

"Right. But first, we will temporarily move our base of operations to 'The East.'"

"Hehehe, you sure are a scary guy. Talking about keeping things quiet while also running around so energetically."

"That's only natural, since I'm gonna be the ruler of this world. Didn't I promise you guys already? I'm gonna rule this world!"

"You're right. Hehe, hehehehe, I'm looking forward to it. Really, really looking forward to it. Clayman would be happy about it too."

"Right, that's why you need to actually assist me."

"That's for sure. And you too. Don't you dare betray us now, Yuuki-sama."

"Of course I won't. I am definitely going to rule the world. And everyone will live happily ever after!"

Yuuki and Kagali laughed, and laughed, and laughed.

Like playing a game, the majins conspired to take over the world.

To rule the world---such a childish ambition---one that they would stop at nothing to achieve...

![hard scene break]
We had taken out the Chaos Dragon and saved Milim's friend.

After going back to check, we discovered that the bottom floor of the ruin was buried. According to Yuuki, who seemed to be in one piece, Mariabell blew herself up upon being forced into desperation. She seemed to have wanted to take me down with her---*was she really going that far just to take care of me?*

Upon thinking so, that kind of made me sad.

But we were enemies, and I couldn't really help how things turned out...

It was no use for me to constantly fall into this emotional low point. I needed to go talk to Kagali-san and see if we could restore the ruins. It would take some time, but we planned to dig out the entire bottom floor. We would do it one bit at a time, and display the devices dug out from the ruins. This castle was planned to be decorated into a museum.

We also planned to create more tracks for the magitrain to connect here and make this a tourist site. I wasn't sure how many years this would take, on top of the many issues I already had on my to-do list. The least that I could be sure of now, however, was that until we signed a nonaggression pact with the Eastern Empire, this would be the foremost frontline of the battlefield. Even though this was part of Milim's territory, we still couldn't be careless.

Therefore, we only planned to conduct the restoration work.

The negotiations with the Council were proceeding smoothly as well. After our moderation of the Council members, their authority had reduced greatly. On the other hand, the Western Holy Church had flourished, and Yuuki, no longer under Mariabell's control, also grew more influential.

With how things had developed, the Council called for a new unifying force.

And that would be us---or rather, me. Tempest had become the biggest faction within the Council. We had the Freedom Association led by Yuuki behind our back. The terms of such support were to provide funds for the Freedom Association, and in turn they declared their cooperation with Tempest.

Hinata also agreed to the matter. She justified that it would be beneficial for peace among the Western Nations.

And so, I was able to cultivate great influence in the Western Nations.

On another note, I was glad that Yuuki could finally be washed off his suspicion.

*Thanks to that, we can confidently build a mutually supportive relationship.*

<<Negative. The suspicion is confirmed. Individual "Yuuki Kagurazaka" was indeed acting according to his own will.>>

*Eh? Hold up, why didn't you say anything until now?!*

<<Answer. Because that principle of action was convenient and available.>>

*That's why? No, I get it now, I finally get it now... Did Raphael-san not mention this for my sake?*

<<...>>

It's all because I was too naive. I hesitated about whether to kill Mariabell or not. I should not have hesitated for the sake of the future. If she had tried to inflict harm on me, my doubt would have disappeared. But, since they hadn't really made too much trouble for us, I felt that it was unnecessary to kill her.

There was also Gai. I also felt that I had gone overboard, after killing him. That was also one of the reasons for me to be discouraged from doing the same to Mariabell.

*I couldn't kill Mariabell---so 'You' made the judgement to not tell me about that thing.*

<<...Yes. I felt that it was necessary.>>

*How dare you act on your own---!* I couldn't really say that.

In fact, just as Raphael-san predicted, Yuuki killed Mariabell without so much as a flinch. And with all the evidence successfully destroyed, he had nothing to worry about. Raphael-san must have thought someone like this would be easy to deal with.

I had no reason to complain. But I also felt frustrated. It was all because of my own incompetence that Raphael-san had to worry about me...

<<Negative. That was not the case. I simply did not want Master to put too much mind on the matter.>>

*Thanks. For helping me avoid the guilt afterward too.*

While I was happy about this outcome, I couldn't let this happen in the future. I had to face what was coming and make decisions based on my own will. Or else how would I be qualified to be Raphael's master? I wouldn't be able to grow if I always acted childish and relied on others.

*Always tell me the truth from now on*, I told Raphael. *And I will face it seriously.*

<<Understood. As Master wishes.>>

![break]

No matter what Yuuki's motive was, I would crush his ambition. I was not alone on this journey; I had companions and a reliable partner.

Right? With Wisdom King Raphael, I wouldn't stray away from the right path. I believed this from the bottom of my heart.

And in that moment, while only just for a little, I thought I felt Raphael "smile" happily.

