# Interlude: Mariabell

Mariabell was a 'Reincarnated One.' She recalled that her former self was a ruler that dominated Europe. In her past life, she manipulated the economy at will; even war was but a pawn on her board.

Bullets rained on the battlefield. People murdered their own kind, creating a hell on Earth that was bathed in blood. Houses were burnt down, families were lost, and people grieved and moaned. She built her affluence on top of all these misfortunes and not once had she doubted her actions.

Mariabell lived a happy life until she passed by old age---

She was able to enjoy the same lifestyle now. She was born as a princess of the small kingdom of Siltrosso. She was a member of the clan that ruled the Western Nations as their overlords.

In this world plagued by monsters, kingdoms wouldn't easily wage war against each other. Under such circumstances, it prompted the birth of the Western State Council. One man formed the council hundreds of years prior, the Grand Elder of the Rosso family---Granbell Rosso.

No one knew how old this mysterious person was.

As the Five Great Elders controlled the Council, Granbell was the head of the Elders. And as the Rosso family cemented its strength in the Western Nations, he was also the clan leader.

That's who Granbell Rosso was, even a princess under his direct lineage would not be able to meet him. In fact, even Mariabell's brothers were unable to meet with the Five Great Elders. No one really had the fortune to do so. But that was normal.

However, Mariabell was different. Her knowledge and will were something that even Granbell could not ignore.

![soft scene break]

Currency is required for the development of a civilization.

In the past, crops such as wheat were used for bartering, but as humanity entered the era of monetary economy, civilization made a giant leap forward. The main reason was due to growth in the scale of economies.

In addition, the value of currency also changed. Currencies were once made of valuable metals such as gold and silver to ensure its value. However, in the new age, physical currencies were replaced by certificates and documents during trade.

That was the birth of the paper money economy.

And so, a mechanism required for the money to flow was born---the banking system. You would receive receipts by storing your gold coins in a bank, and in return, you could exchange those receipts for the physical, material currency. The banks could utilize the money stored in them at will; thus, they came up with a different mode of business: loaning money to those in need and turning a profit by setting interest rates.

This was a sorcery worse than alchemy.

Primarily, there was no money there, and yet, interest was accruing. On one hand was the total amount of physical money circulating in the market, and on the other was the total amount of receipts. When comparing the two, there would always be a certain unrecoverable difference... Someone would eventually have to pay the price for being unable to cover this fabricated margin.

This fundamental issue was inherent to the system of lending money and receiving interest.

Such a phenomenon became even worse when physical currencies were replaced by paper money. People would ask for loans from rich people with the interest rate as bait. Afterward, they would use the money to invest in financial products---to use money to make money. This cycle would continue beyond national boundaries and into the entire world.

Guaranteed in the name of the state, cash would be printed without limits. Meanwhile, the relative differences in national power would be exploited to manipulate the exchange rate and expand the scale of the economy to a dozen times its previous size. Including even the amount of paper money issued, the market was dominated by Mariabell.

The illusion of a large-scale economy was far from the real economy. It was much, much smaller in reality. And one day, this bubble would burst.

Just as her former self, who inflated the bubble as much as possible before bursting it, she would then push unpayable debts to the weaker countries and have them take on the responsibility.

---In other words, it was a war of balancing the accounts. In this way, weaker nations would crumble, while the rich would get richer. Instead of a single person paying the price, a whole nation would. There was basically not that much difference.

![break]

Mariabell was well-versed in such methods. She was known as a financial genius in her past life. She had the memories of her past life and an intense desire to dominate. These all fueled Mariabell's power: her Unique Skill 'Greed.' The Unique Skill 'Greed' originated from the seven original sins of man. It belonged to the Skill type known as the 'Deadly Sins.' These were a special presence even among Unique Skills, as they represented the desire of their users. The users' emotions and wishes manifested in the form of their Skills.

In fact, Mariabell was born to be the strongest among the Rosso. The power to dominate human desire---that was the ability of the 'Greed.'

She could see through people's desires. The greater their desires were, the easier they could be manipulated. Everyone had his desire, and once she stimulated it, he would dance to Mariabell's score. Starting from people around her, she gradually increased the number of pawns she owned.

There was no need to panic. For she had already realized that the civilization of this world was not advanced enough. Even though there *was* an economy, within their economic circle, only one form of currency was used. It was a world without language barriers, quite unlike the world she came from.

But seeing it from a different light, she could exploit her environment. It was to the point that she thought this was her own personal playground.

*Yes, yes indeed. I will dominate this world as well.*

To dominate this world---to Mariabell, such was a natural thought. When she grew up and her words mattered, the world would become Mariabell's plaything.

But until then, there should be as few people as possible who were to know her ambition. Upon thinking so, Mariabell decided to act with utmost caution in order to avoid revealing her true self.

And when she was three years old, Mariabell met Granbell.

![soft scene break]

"So, you are Mariabell?"

"Yes, pleased to meet you, Grandfather."

That didn't sound like the greeting a three-year-old would give. It was just a part of Mariabell's calculation. Granbell was unlike the riffraff in the castle. To Mariabell, even her father, who was a king, was nothing but a pawn. As well as her brothers, her babysitter, her servants and countless more. Mariabell saw right through their desires and had since been manipulating them from the dark as her pawns.

But Granbell was different. He was special.

Seeing that Mariabell was no longer putting on an act, Granbell asked: "So, you are not planning to manipulate me?"

There was not a single scrap of familial love in his words, only the tone between the ruler and the servant.

Mariabell realized that her instincts were right. Had she tried to deceive Granbell, she could have been killed that instant.

Mariabell's 'Greed' was not all-powerful and could be resisted. There was a chance that she might actually have dominated Granbell by applying the Skill more frequently over time, but Granbell would not have allowed her.

Based on these judgements, Mariabell decided to come clean. She needed help anyway, and now that she thought about it, Granbell could be her most ideal aid.

"I can see what people desire; I can see them all. By stimulating their desire, I can manipulate people at will. But grandfather is different. Your ambition is greater than anyone else's, yet your will is also strong enough to suppress it perfectly, that's why---"

"Hmph, you managed to see through all of that, little girl---no, Mariabell. Who are you exactly?"

"Me? I am Mariabell. Mariabell of 'Greed.'"

"Heh heh, HAHAHA! How interesting, you are bold enough to announce yourself like that in front of my face!"

The Grand Elder of the Rosso family took a liking to Mariabell.

![break]

The two then laid their cards on the table and shared each other's secrets. Granbell revealed the situation with the Western Nations as well as the demon lords that dominated the world.

Mariabell, on the other hand, shared knowledge from her past life as well as what her acquired Unique Skill 'Greed' was capable of.

To Mariabell, this was the gamble of her lifetime. Putting aside her intelligence, she was just a three-year-old kid. She knew that it would be difficult for her to survive on her own.

*No matter how, no matter what it takes, I will take my place here. To do that---*She needed to make sure the ruler, Granbell Rosso, thought highly of Mariabell. Her instincts told her that this was the best way for her to one day become a ruler.

And in this gamble, Mariabell hit the jackpot.

"Mariabell, if anything happens to me, you shall carry on my ambition. I wish the world to be a peaceful place. Under the rule of us Rosso, we can build a world where everyone is equal."

"Yes, I understand. I understand, grandfather. I swear to give my all to aid your ambition."

![break]

And so, the two built a bond that none could harm.

Grandfather and granddaughter---an alliance between an ex-Hero and 'Greed' itself, began on that day. From then on, Granbell would spend years guiding Mariabell. She would learn the whole truth about the depths of the Rosso's power, as well as receiving many aides by her side.

Moreover---

She even learnt the true identity of the god Luminas and Granbell's secrets. In order to protect his true identity---one of the Seven Luminary Clerics, he frequently acted behind the scenes. She also learnt the truth that the true power guarding the Western Nations was Demon Lord Luminas.

Granbell told Mariabell everything.

![break]

And now, Mariabell, at the age of ten, was second only to Granbell. She was ready to begin her operation to take down Rimuru with everything she had.
