# Prologue: Men on|the Move

*Phew, seriously*---the young man sighed.

"You seem frustrated. What's the issue?" asked the man with the asymmetric mask. It was Laplace, the majin of the Moderate Clown Troupe.

He was a trusted companion of this young man---Yuuki Kagurazaka.

"I suppose it's *an issue*. Since I was invited, I went along to pay a visit. And as it turns out, our opponent is so incredibly strong that I've lost confidence in myself. I think it's time to re-examine our plan."

"Did you say we need to re-examine our plan?" Ex-Demon Lord Kazalim, in disguise as a secretary---Kagali---questioned back. To that, Yuuki responded with another sigh.

"Yes. It's about that slime. It turns out that it's best that we avoid antagonizing him."

"If that's the case, shouldn't you just keep him close? I planned to explore the ruins as well, so isn't it for the best that we maintain friendly terms anyway?"

"No, we will still go according to our plan. It's just going to be harder, that's all."

"Why? Surely there won't be any conflict if we tread carefully."

Laplace was no fool. Even though he bore a grudge after his companion Clayman was killed, he wasn't going to go against his boss---Yuuki's commands---and pick a fight with Rimuru.

It wasn't just Laplace's sentiment.

Footman, Teare, and even the chairman of the Clown Troupe, Kagali, thought the same. Even they knew the danger of acting on impulse.

The truth of this world was that it was the survival of the fittest.

At this point, these experiences had taught Laplace and the others that if they didn't have a one hundred percent chance of winning, forcing their plan would only result in failure.

Far from wreaking vengeance on Demon Lord Leon, Clayman was now dead. Kazalim already put so much effort into resurrecting with the identity of Kagali, but now, it seemed like they were back at square one.

Moreover, if they really were to take on Demon Lord Rimuru, they would have no time to take their revenge on Demon Lord Leon. It was for this reason that the clowns decided to obey Yuuki's orders and be cautious.

![break]

Yet Yuuki now claimed that there was a problem.

"That's true, but that also seems to have gotten harder."

"What do you mean by that?"

"I think that slime is onto me..."

"What? Did you do something to get yourself caught?"

"No way! This is the Boss we are talking here, not you, Laplace!"

"Heh heh, that's right, Laplace. As far as I can tell, there's no one more careful than Boss. There's no way that Boss would slip up."

Yuuki, who had always been cautious, admitted his misstep. When Laplace retorted in surprise, Teare and Footman reacted as if they denied it. That was how much Yuuki had won the trust of the clowns.

Kagali, head of the Troupe, then scolded the clowns, "Don't get riled up now. Rather than saying that it was Yuuki-sama's misstep, it was more due to that slime's intricate mind games. I confronted it with Yuuki and found that that slime was really something else. I felt as though I was being surveilled from start to finish. It really got on my nerves. Although I've yet to see through its true ability yet, I could already tell that this was no easy opponent."

Having faced it herself, Kagali knew that slime was dangerous. Although she didn't feel it was as strong as Leon, its eyes that seemingly could see through anything, made her feel greatly threatened.

Yuuki agreed with Kagali, "Ahh, seriously, that slime---Demon Lord Rimuru---was really something else. During the festival, the key figures within the council that sponsored us, were there too. Those people didn't know how to tackle the slime and ended up looking awfully pitiful. Our opponent was cunning and merciless. Despite his normally kind and generous demeanor, once he gets pissed off, he becomes a force to be reckoned with. Our plan of manipulating him didn't work out. Surely, he will be on his guard from now on," he shrugged.

"But Boss, no matter how much he's on the lookout, he doesn't have any evidence, right? If that's the case, as long as we act without raising any suspicion, won't they struggle to make another move?"

"That's true, I didn't leave any physical evidence, but I was the one who leaked the information about Shizu-san to Hinata. I think that should be sufficient evidence. In fact, on the last day, when he gathered everyone connected to him and discussed plans for the future, everyone gathered there seemed to be Demon Lord Rimuru---Rimuru-san's suspects. I was definitely found out there."

"How could that be...?"

The gang went silent as they listened to Yuuki's explanation.

"Never mind. It's only a matter of time, anyway. That slime really poses a threat to us. Then, Boss, how will we adjust the plan?"

*Of course she's the one to ask.* The first one to bounce back from the shock was Kagali. She had seen plenty of turmoil during her time as demon lord, so naturally, she was back on her feet just as fast.

"Umm. Let's first proceed just as before: keep ourselves in the shadows peacefully. Since Demon Lord Rimuru doesn't have concrete evidence, he won't be openly hostile towards us. Despite his casual looks, he's constantly calculating his losses and gains."

"I see. That's why he mentioned the ancient ruins directly in front of us. He was probably trying to see our reaction. If we had planned something against him, he'd ruthlessly retaliate---"

"My thoughts exactly. Humans are unpredictable creatures. There's a saying that goes, 'Today's enemies could be tomorrow's friends.' Unless things change drastically, there's no need for us to antagonize him. As long as we can change his mind to favor our side, we would be home free."

Yuuki glanced around to observe everyone's reaction.

"In other words, we're supposed to continue to cooperate with them?"

"It shouldn't be that difficult to control them by force, but since the Boss has spoken, we shall do as ordered."

"Footman, you big idiot, it's because we *can't* take them by force that we have been working so hard!"

"Ahh, don't get so worked up about it. Footman has a point too. It'd piss anyone off to have been looked down upon by some newcomer. But even if we win by working together, they still have the Storm Dragon. There's no need to gamble our own forces for that."

"Yeah. We shouldn't dwell on it too much. Just follow Boss and Chairman's orders."

"You guys, I told you all to follow orders from the start! I don't object to their views at all."

The trio looked a bit upset, but they weren't objecting to the plan. Having confirmed so, Yuuki and Kagali exchanged looks and nodded.

The Western Holy Church had the Holy Empire of Lubelius to back it up.

While the top of the chain of command for the Freedom Association was the Western State Council, its power was controlled entirely by the Rosso family.

These two forces had been the main hindrances on their road to dominating the Western Nations. And now there was one more: Demon Lord Rimuru who established the Tempest Federation.

With Yuuki witnessing the nation founding festival himself this time, he realized how stupid it would be to try and oppose Demon Lord Rimuru.

*I was worried that these guys would do their own thing if I were to announce that we won't go against Rimuru-san again.*

While Yuuki had been doubtful of it, it seemed that he had simply been worrying too much. It might have been different in the past, but Kagali had learnt to calmly keep her composure after she lost to Leon in the past. She had endured for a long time, with the clowns trying to help fulfill her ambition. It would seem that these companions that Yuuki trusted were no fools. They wouldn't act recklessly without careful consideration.

"How reliable you all are. Then I'll have you guys handle the job that Damrada has been doing," Yuuki said cheerfully.

"Hold on... Are you referring to the top-secret merchandise?"

"Eh? Are you really handing it to us...?"

"Hehehe, is that really wise, Boss?"

The clowns' expressions changed drastically.

Yuuki's cheerful smile didn't fade one bit as he looked at them.

"Of course. Surely it wouldn't pose an issue to you guys right now."

"Just count on us! You must be worried about us doing something reckless, no? No way, no way, I swear I'm not gonna strike even if I think I can win!"

"That's right, that's right! Clayman forgot to act cautiously in the end... If we were to make the same mistake as he did, we wouldn't be able to mock that guy in hell."

"You have a point. Reckless acts would only end in failure. As the Angry Pierrot, I must keep that idea close to heart. Even though I swore to take revenge on Demon Lord Leon one day, it's still too early to act on that yet."

All three gave their own views as they promised, and Yuuki smiled.

"You guys have matured more than I expected," he murmured.

It was then that he recalled something that had been bothering him.

"By the way, I just recalled...when you mentioned top-secret merchandise... Demon Lord Rimuru took away the kids that were under my care, yeah?"

"Ah, because of Shizue Izawa's involvement, we couldn't do anything about it afterward---"

"That's right. He even used the festival as an excuse. Now that I think about it, he definitely suspected me back then. Never mind, that doesn't matter. I'm more concerned about what Demon Lord Rimuru said."

Yuuki explained his thoughts.

The children had grown stronger, most likely due to Demon Lord Rimuru's meddling. Rimuru refused to talk openly about what happened, but he had accidentally blurted out that "The kids need to deepen their understanding of the spirits."

"He has more or less obfuscated all the questions that I raised."

"It's probably because the kids have grown so strong that he didn't think it was possible to keep it a secret."

"Who knows? Maybe he's doing this strategically, which is getting on my nerves. However, he must have used the spirits to neutralize the magicules in their bodies," Yuuki shrugged as he finished.

*Demon Lord Rimuru is not an opponent to be underestimated,* Yuuki thought to himself. It wouldn't be far-fetched to think he had some scheme behind this.

"That makes sense," Kagali agreed with him. "Now that you mentioned it, wasn't Shizue Izawa also a Spirit Wielder of a Greater Fire Spirit? In other words, 'Incomplete Summoned Ones' who were summoned with flaws can be reused by using spirits."

Hearing Kagali's deduction, Laplace and the others also seemed to realize something.

"I see how it is. Could this be Demon Lord Leon's true goal? He seemed to be gathering otherworlders who had failed summonings. Has Leon been collecting them so as to train them into soldiers?"

"Uh---I remember! Isn't Ifrit the Flame Giant one of Leon's subordinates? Clayman has ordered his men to attack Leon several times, but they were all taken out by the Flame Giant."

"Hehehe, is he perhaps planning to expand his crew of Spirit Wielders such as Shizue Izawa? In that case, it might be unwise to hand over the top-secret merchandise."

The clowns expressed their views.

Perhaps Footman had a point, as Yuuki felt the same. But there was still one thing that was confusing to him. The so-called 'Top-secret Merchandise' was, in truth, just children who had been summoned imperfectly.

Right now, there were still places conducting countless flawed summonings. They had managed to deceive Shizue Izawa as well as the entire Western Nations.

The more they conducted these summonings, the more failures they got. The one who was buying these failed summons was Damrada of the secret organization 'Cerberus.' Since the truth about these children couldn't go public, he had been collecting them for personal usage in the name of research.

But that was just a ruse; he had other plans in mind.

It was, in fact, at the request of Demon Lord Leon.

He was looking for "Otherworld children under the age of ten."

*Uh---did Leon do it to expand his arsenal? I suppose that makes some sense, but why couldn't he have just done it himself...? He must have something else in mind to have intentionally leaked the most advanced theories of summoning to the Eastern Empire and the Western Nations.*

Yuuki couldn't reach a solid conclusion. Thus, he didn't have room to act---having still been bound by his contract with Demon Lord Leon.

Yuuki made up his mind as he gave his order to the three.

"Then I will have you three discuss the matter with Demon Lord Leon. Whether his plan is to increase his martial prowess or otherwise, you must be thorough with your investigation of the matter. Misha will be negotiating with the Rosso. Take the goods from her and proceed with the plan."

"Understood, just count on me!"

"Um um! I will do my best!"

"Hehehe, yes sir."

The trio looked highly motivated as Kagali gave a wry smile.

"Don't work too hard and get yourself exposed in front of Demon Lord Leon."

"Yeah, heed me now, you guys really need to be more careful. We can't afford right now to antagonize Demon Lord Leon as well."

The three acknowledged Yuuki's warning.

Laplace professed that the three of them were not idiots.

Yuuki decided to put his faith in his trusted companions before continuing to explain the engagement plan in detail.

![soft scene break]

After ordering Laplace and the other clowns, it was time for Kagali's order.

She turned to Yuuki and asked in a serious tone, "Boss, what should I do then?"

She was inquiring about the investigation of the ruins.

Although it was called a ruin, that really wasn't the case, especially to the likes of Kagali. To them, it was a familiar city. When she was still Demon Lord Kazalim, she used to apply magic as a defense mechanism for the city. That was the true identity of the ancient ruins of 'Amalita.'

Unlike the city on the surface protected by Adalmann, 'Amalita' was mainly guarded by Kazalim's spells and his numerous enchanted dolls. Clayman inherited Kazalim's technology, but even his finest work, the doll named Viola, could only be considered as mid-to-high-end among the enchanted dolls that were guarding the ruins.

To have such powerful defensive mechanisms within the ruins---in other words, this ruin named 'Amalita' was the true form of the Puppet Nation Jistav.

And to ask why these ruins named 'Amalita' had such a high level of defense? The answer to that question could be traced back to ancient times.

![break]

In the distant past, the Ultra-Sorcerer Kingdom of the elves was once prosperous, but it called upon its own destruction by its own stupidity. The nation angered a young girl who would come to be a demon lord---Milim, the daughter of the Dragon King. The kingdom was wiped out from the face of the earth overnight.

The rubble left in its wake was known as the ancient ruin 'Soma.' Elves that managed to survive swore to restore the glory that Soma once held, yet they failed in their conquest. The depraved monster that they themselves created---the Chaos Dragon---wielded power beyond belief and drove these people away from their hometown. The power held by the Chaos Dragon was the equivalent of Catastrophe-class. Although it was not as strong as a True Dragon, it still wasn't something the elves could tackle.

The elven survivors went on to spread across the land and walked down different paths. Struck by the sudden misfortune, the elven people, ignorant of the event that took place, sought refuge from their elven ancestors. Those with power explored and settled in the wilderness before building new kingdoms. Some escaped in secret, became reclusive, and lived away from civilizations.

Because of the sins of a few individuals, the golden age of elves came to an end.

After that---

Some were cursed for their sins and became dark elves. In order to escape from Milim's fury, they went afar to explore a new land.

Kagali---Demon Lord Kazalim---was one of them. He managed to survive after witnessing the true power of Demon Lord Milim and was among the few remaining members of the elven royal family. Kazalim was not a Demon Lord then. He escaped to this distant land and tried to rebuild a nation in the image of his hometown. He managed to preserve all the elven technology, so it hadn't been lost, and thus he proceeded to recreating physical copies.

The nation that was born as a result was the capital Amalita of the Puppet Nation Jistav.

![break]

Caught up in reminiscing about the past, Kagali tore herself away and shook her head to get her mind off the memory.

"The defenses in Amalita have yet to be disarmed; should we set them up against Demon Lord Rimuru?"

She had made a deal with Rimuru to explore the ancient ruins at Clayman's base together, during which she could use the opportunity to sabotage Rimuru with the traps. It would be a piece of cake for Kagali right now.

With that, only Milim and Veldora would pose a threat. If it were just Rimuru by himself, wouldn't it be simple to take care of him?---Kagali thought to herself.

By merely triggering the defense mechanism, she could also avoid raising suspicion. Based on these thoughts, Kagali gave her suggestion, but Yuuki rejected the idea without hesitation.

"That would be quite interesting, but will it seriously work? Have you considered that Demon Lord Milim might tag along with him?"

"Anyhow, where there's a will, there's a way. He won't be suspicious if I only trigger the mechanisms."

Kazalim's homeland was destroyed in the past---no, Kagali's. Yuuki was worried that that might have traumatized her, but she didn't seem to mind.

From elf to dark elf, then into undead elf, and finally a demon lord. Throughout all these experiences, Kagali managed to overcome all the trauma Milim brought her. But Kagali knew that she had no chance of beating Milim. She knew it would be a reckless act...

"Right! Then I'll be counting on you in that regard. It would be quite impossible to try and beat him. But I will be able to ascertain just how strong Demon Lord Rimuru really is."

"Is our opponent really worth such effort?"

"Yes, yes he is. So, Kagali, make sure you don't reveal your true identity. He must be suspecting me at this point, but he shouldn't be certain about your identity. Just act cautiously and don't let him provoke you."

"I understand, Boss."

Yuuki and Kagali smiled at each other.

"Right! Then we'll be off to meet Misha."

"I'll keep preparing. What do you plan to do next, Boss?"

"Me? I was going to contact Damrada to have him expand our base of operations in the East. If anything happens, we can flee to them. But before that..."

"Huh? You are definitely plotting something! And you're telling us to hold back while you are out scheming yourself," Laplace grumbled as Yuuki gave a wry smile.

"That's not the case, Laplace. I'm just planning to use every card I have. Because I'm not giving up on dominating the West yet."

A small smile emerged on the corner of Yuuki's lips.

![break]

The majins in the shadows were once again on the move.
