# Afterword

Long time no see, now I bring you volume 9.

The deadline this time is quite early, so it's a relief that I caught up just in time.

Then, as for volume 9, it's part 2 and the finale of the previous volume of the "Founding of Monster Capital".

Ahem, actually.

Although I only had the idea after finishing writing, it is an absolutely impossible mission to write both volume 8 and 9 into one book. The reduction of pages in the last volume put it back on the right (regular) track, but the situation is reversed again.

Yep, reversed to the old time.

It's like suddenly getting back to start after a bit slack after taking much effort to successfully lose weight. My weight didn't spare me any mercy, possibly due to me not having time to exercise during the writing. I've regained around seven kilograms. I need to avoid repeating the same mistake next time and don't rush that much during writing.

First of all, the most important thing is to write the outline of the story. Outline was a bit too vague, so let me get more specific. I'll write down the characters that will appear alongside the events! That's the minimum that I'll start with. Regardless of the sequence of events, how I interject all the events was a very important thing that I took note of when writing.

As for why I'm saying this now. It's because when I finished writing the whole thing and realized "AH, I forgot to insert this event into the story!" or "Eh, that character didn't make it in..." etc. I made plenty of major missteps.

But seriously, there were too many characters in this volume.

I'll reflect a bit on myself, but still, I got to say---

You can't blame me for messing up a bit. Because this is a festival volume, it's not easy trying to cut any character. By the way, this reminded me of early on in writing the light novel---around the time of writing volume 2?---I remember talking to Editor I-san.

![break]

"You shouldn't put so many characters at the start of a volume."

"Eh, why though?"

"Well, if the readers can't remember who is who, they won't be able to tell about that either later on. And in the end, they will get distracted by the names and not focus on the story."

"I see..."

"There are also other reasons, like you'll have a hard time setting up characters."

"Should I cut some people then? Kurobee doesn't really get a lot of screen time, how about I make Hakurou a sword smith as well?"

"No, you should keep it as it is. The charm of the characters in 'Tensura' is very important. I think it will cause a problem if you cut characters randomly like that!"

![break]

That's how I recall. My memory is not as good as before, maybe I've imagined some of the dialogue, but that's the gist of it.

I had like an enlightenment after the conversation and felt that "Thank god I didn't cut the character".

Kurobee is still around now, all because I-san was in charge of the book.

I basically used this as my excuse to no longer limit the amount of new characters coming in.

And then, when I was writing the seventh volume---

![break]

"Umm, can I talk to you about something..."

"Yeah, what is it?"

"Hinata's subordinates have increased in number, is that really okay?"

"...How many people will there be now?"

"Not a lot, I plan to have six captains with another three in addition."

"That seemed a bit too many---"

"No no no, hold on, it's because Hinata is gonna lead two different organizations. So, shouldn't we have more characters that actually have names?"

"Now that you've put it that way..."

"Also, in order to strengthen Luminas's faction, I'm thinking about adding some new major characters!"

"I see! I understand now. In that case, please write in that direction!"

![break]

And so, I could already tell that I-san really liked Luminas. And after my persisted persuasion, Arnaud and the boys, as well as "Three Martial Sages" were set to show up in the volume.

And after volume 8 we came to volume 9. The previously added characters alongside new characters have surely caused a situation of too many characters in one volume.

It must be pretty chaotic.

Had I confirmed by writing down all the names from the start, there's no way I'd make a mistake like that.

I'll learn step by step and use these past experiences well in the future.

Anyhow, I thought of this when doing some final confirmation with the volume. But---

Eh, did I not mention that the "Three Martial Sages" wasn't gonna be in this volume?

In that case, except for Glenda-san who betrayed her comrades to cooperate with the Rosso, what were Sare and Grigori up to now?

The chance of these two appearing in volume 9---ZERO.

A-Ahaha, that really does happen sometimes.

"Characters that are forgotten by the author"---for those who didn't make it to the volume this time, please expect their activities in future volumes!

![hard scene break]

Let's change the topic next.

There is a major writing mistake that I wish to inform everyone. It's about the pronoun that Luminas uses to refer to herself. She always uses "Wa-Ra-Wa (妾, わらわ)", which to me was a pronoun used by arrogant females. But in reality, this seems to be a humbling pronoun instead.

I'll admit that I was mistaken.

When Luminas was first introduced in the light novel, I had already known the correct usage of the pronoun at this point, but it was strange to suddenly change her tone. Based on these considerations, I decided to continue its usage.

![break]

When I was publishing the web novel, I already got a lot of criticism for misuse of "役不足 (Yakubusoku)" (Does not have sufficient power/authority to do something)^[I think this is referring to the confusion of "役不足" and "力不足", the former refers to the inability to do something due to lacking in authority (specifically referring to not having a high enough role/power to perform a task), the latter refers to the lack of personal ability in performing a task.], but to be honest, I still want to directly use the phrase in the light novel.

Even though there may be misuse, I just have to clarify with the readers. But, if I continue to use wrong phrases, it may cause the accurate message in my book to not be correctly understood by future readers. An author shouldn't be limited in the way he chooses to express himself---that's my two-cents, but then again, it's important to use the correct grammar and phrase in writing.

If I encourage misuse, it will cause a lot of problems. That's just how I think about it. That's why I'm clarifying here, even though the tone of a character is not going to be revised in the future.

Luminas does not have any intention of kneeling to anyone! It's only because I pay attention to the atmosphere as a whole that I let Luminas who has an untamable personality use "Warawa".

That's what this is all about, please be forgiving about the matter.

![hard scene break]

And so, the afterword is about to finish.

I-san also very casually demanded me to "Please write six pages of afterword!" ...When I handed in the initial draft, there were a lot of words. With the help of others, I added more to the character description before adding the afterword.

I-san seems to be less and less repulsed by thicker volumes.

It's better than him telling me to cut stuff, so I don't have an issue with that---just kidding, I have no clue what will happen in the next volume and I'm actually kind of nervous. After all, the story was planned to go through some key plots...

I've prepared a lot of events, and as to how to write the story in the future, even I am looking forward to it.

First off, I'm gonna finish the dungeon that I didn't manage to finish this time---with this thought in mind, I plan to focus on outlining things clearly.

See you all in the next volume!