# Interlude 3: Midnight|Conference

Alongside Benimaru, Shion and Diablo, I entered the conference room. Myourmiles was already waiting nervously. Shuna was in charge of receiving the guests. Upon realizing our arrival, she began to prepare drinks for everyone.

"Gazel-sama said he's on his way."

As soon as Shuna said that, the door swung open as Gazel entered the room.

"Have I kept you all waiting?"

"No, we only just arrived as well."

Now that we'd had our greeting, everyone was seated.

"Let's start with the conclusion. I contacted HQ this morning to have them gather the remaining gold coins. So far, we were able to gather one thousand five hundred coins. It's not much, but we can't have the people pay for it. Moreover, we have to prepare it by tomorrow morning, this is our limit."

If we were talking about gold coins in circulation, it wouldn't be so difficult to get enough. But if Gazel was to withdraw gold coins without causing negative effects to the Dwarven Kingdom, this was as much as he could get. It went without saying that Gazel was only willing to help because I requested him to exchange gold coins with our stellars.

"I'm really sorry, the amount seemed to be greater than I imagined. Thanks a lot."

"Hmm, I'll have someone carry it over by pegasus, it should arrive by next evening."

*One thousand five hundred gold coins are quite heavy, I feel bad having them transport it here, I should use "Dimension Domination" to get the money. It's probably safer and more ensured.*

"It's me who requested you guys, I'll be the one to get it."

"...I see, you seem to know 'Dimension Transportation', that's indeed more secure. I understand, I'll inform them about this. That aside, let's talk business, will this be enough to pay the merchants?"

"Hmm---about that..."

![break]

Unfortunately, we were still short by a bit. This Founding Festival was the first of its kind, so the budget we planned was huge. Therefore, the amount of gold coins required was pretty incredible---with three thousand coins and more. This would be three hundred million yen in the economy of my past life. Considering the economic scale of this world, that's an almost horrifyingly wasteful sum of money.

This was simply how rich our treasury was. We had 1,500 stellars, which could be exchanged to roughly 150,000 gold coins. That's why we didn't spare their usage, after all, it was just two to three thousand coins. It wasn't that our nation had no money, we could manage to pay if exchange were possible. But since the people at the receiving end were all retailers and small businesses, this did not work. And so we had to find gold coins from our treasury...

Our nation just managed to get into currency economy, the flow of gold coins at this point was still limited. Even though we'd gathered all sorts of silver coins, there were less than a hundred gold coins of the Dwarven Kingdom.

This, plus my own money, made three hundred gold coins. Myourmiles managed to gather around one thousand coins. This added up to approximately one thousand four hundred coins. Even with the addition of Gazel's part, we still didn't have three thousand coins.

"Not enough, still?"

"I've calculated a bit; we are still a couple of hundred coins short."

"Even if your budget shortage was calculated so casually, how on earth did you manage to hold this type of celebration..."

"I just came up with the idea. The duration is short anyway, so I can't really help myself not to."

"...I don't even know where to start my grievances with you."

Gazel sighed greatly, looking at me dumbfounded. *But, that's because... Everyone was for it. No one objected...* I wanted to argue back loudly, but doing that may have caused Gazel to lose his temper completely. A sober Gazel was pretty scary, and I was a smart guy, so I decided not to say anything regretful.

![break]

"If that's the case, shall I pay the remaining portion?"

Halfway through our conversation, someone suddenly cut in. Curious who it was, I turned towards the direction. It turned out to be the emperor of Sorcerer's Dynasty Sarion---Elmesia.

Gazel sitting next to me showed an expression of disgust upon seeing Elmesia. It was for a brief second, but enough for people to notice the change. I had my guard up too, but at the same time, questioned Elalude:

"How strange, Elalude-san... Why has the emperor come as well?"

"Umm, about that---Rimuru-sama, I went to discuss it with the emperor, and she agreed to provide aid without hesitation---"

Elmesia had a big smile on her as Elalude explained. Elalude, on the other hand, looked depressed. *I see what's happening here, the emperor must have forced him to do it. Best not to poke around for trouble now.*

"I see, actually, we should handle this problem our---"

"Hmm---aren't you lamenting about not enough money? I only proposed to help with the hope of creating a foundation for the mutual friendship of our nations."

Her face was filled with a smile, but it didn't reach her eyes. My instinct told me---*things are getting messy.*

"No, I mean..."

I trusted my instinct and decided to reject her somehow. It was true that we wished to exchange some gold coins, but I was more afraid of owing Elmesia a favor.

We were only short by a few hundred coins, we would at most intimidate those merchants a little. We simply had to avoid them looking down on us, as long as our rival did not suffer losses, they wouldn't go as far as to hate us to the bone. Based on this consideration, I had made the judgement, however---

"Give it a rest now. Once this woman has spoken, she will persist until the end. It's far worse dealing with her, than a whole group of merchants. You'd be better off accepting her help nicely now," Gazel commented unimpressively while switching to the same depressed expression as Elalude.

*How surprising, it seems that even the great Hero King Gazel finds it difficult to deal with Emperor Elmesia.*

"Ara, Gazel-chan, are you speaking for me? I am so happy!"

Elmesia smiled as she couldn't hide her joy. She called Gazel "-chan", the relationship between the two could be reflected in that sense.

"Please don't call me that. Doesn't matter, what do you really want?"

"You are still so serious, not a free-spirited man like your grandpa was."

"It's because of the type of person my grandfather was, that my father worked so hard. Let's put that aside and get to the point now."

Gazel's personality was pretty free-spirited in reality, but he often played the role of a rigorous ruler. This was largely due to him observing the hard work of his father as he grew. While the former king still ruled the nation, Gazel was having the time of his life during the last free period of his life. Apparently, it was then that he met Elalude and Elmesia. It was also around the time when he became an apprentice of Hakurou.

Elmesia would still bring up old tales about Gazel. She was like a close relative to him that kept on mentioning his past stories. No wonder Gazel got a headache just seeing her alone.

"How impatient, were you always so impetuous before?"

Gazel hid it well enough that people couldn't tell, but he was in fact extremely irritated. I couldn't see it, but that was not the case for Elmesia. Picking up on people's actual feelings was a piece of cake for the royal court. That's why they were constantly wearing masks and deceiving each other cautiously... Looks like I needed to call Gazel my mentor in that regard, yet Elmesia was still treating him like an infant. No wonder why Gazel's face was filled with disgust.

Elmesia then exclaimed, "Let me have a drink as well," as she took a glass of fruit wine from Shuna. She nonchalantly sat down, seemingly in no hurry to leave.

Gazel and Elalude exchanged looks as both released a sigh. The two looked quite tacit, but they were both no different than children in Elmesia's eyes, perhaps that's why they were similar.

But of course, also myself, who's inexperienced had no chance of winning in a negotiation with Elmesia. That's why Gazel told me to forget about it.

"Ara, this tastes good as well."

"You are too kind."

The fruit wine poured by Shuna seemed to have fit her appetite, filling her face with an even brighter smile. That was Shuna's personal collection that tasted different with every sip. If she were to dislike it, it would be difficult to prepare anything better. I was a little relieved as Gazel spoke up once more with emphasis.

"All right, that's enough. Time is precious, I'm afraid there's none to waste on your little hobbies."

After his hurrying again, Elmesia was finally willing to talk business.

"All right. If you want my help, I have something in mind for you to do as well. If you are to organize this type of celebration again, please invite me. If you are willing to invite me to any future events, I'm happy to exchange the money for you."

*You dare to organize such an interesting event behind my back? Unforgivable*---that was Elmesia's actual message.

Elalude began to hold his head as he looked towards the sky. Gazel looked troubled as well.

"I am happy to do that," I answered without hesitation.

Elmesia smiled joyfully hearing my response. The contrast of her behavior seemed to be too drastic, perhaps I had misjudged her. But since she liked the lively time of celebration and talking about participating in said projects, it was right down my alley.

"Royalties are not slaves to the people. If royalties live carefreely, so will the people be joyful. I am happy too; everyone will be happy!"

"It makes sense, and it's my thoughts exactly. I am glad that someone is on my side, I'll be looking forward to encountering you in the future."

I shook hands with Elmesia with a smile. Now Elmesia was my comrade. Aside from me and Myourmiles, with the addition of Elmesia, the "Bad Idea Trio" was suddenly formed. Even though Gazel and Elalude were shivering, seemingly sighting omens, we simply did not care.

And then Elmesia took out her magic wallet.

"I only have some pocket changes with me, at most one thousand gold coins. But if you want more, I can request more to be brought here."

"No, that should do for now. Allow me to exchange it with ten stellars," I answered rather casually as well, but what on earth was this person thinking?

*She's been wandering about with a thousand gold coins. I can only say that her concept of money is a bit weird. Looks like she's an authentic billionaire, it was the right choice to listen to Gazel's words and not make her an enemy.*

"All right, just remember to fulfill your promise."

"Of course!"

I nodded with a smile at Elmesia's response. She then immediately began to exchange money with me on the scene.

![break]

Now we just had to wait for the one thousand five hundred gold coins exchanged at the Dwarven Kingdom and we would have enough money. The problem had finally been resolved. I was relieved of a huge burden.

Diablo commented, "This is great, Rimuru-sama," as he poured me some tea. I happily drank it as he then poured some for Gazel and Elmesia as well.

"Although someone wanted to make Rimuru-sama a laughing-stock to see to your inability to follow rules, their plan now has completely failed."

Benimaru also gave a fearless smile. Someone tried to outsmart me, to prevent me from gaining renown, now their plan had been exposed and defeated. We didn't need to apologize to the vendors and had saved face. It was as though I'd relieved a boulder from my heart, my mood gradually became better. At that moment, Elmesia suddenly commented something worth pondering on.

"But I figured, even if you didn't have time to prepare the gold coins, someone would be willing to assist you."

"Hmm, what do you mean by that?"

I didn't understand and asked straight away.

"In order to make a subject obedient, rather than using sticks to coerce or intimidate, it is better to just do them a favor. It is simpler and has a higher chance of success."

Elmesia gave a smile as she finished her sentence. There was no doubt about it, that was the smile of a ruler. Diablo was suddenly inspired by her words.

"I see, you are saying that someone will enter uninvited to try to amend things?"

"Yes, it is very likely. However, even if such a person shows up, my guess is that he will be someone else's puppet."

"Kufufufufu, what an interesting thought. They first caused the problem and they tried to do us favors by helping us. That's certainly a plausible plan, but---"

"Even if they have no coins with them, they can just take out some proof certificate. To let the high-ranked officers of the nations see how untrustworthy you all are while also demonstrating their own credibility. In that way, they would be selling you a favor."

"How greedy, that's truly the thought pattern of humans. I've learnt a new lesson."

*Eh, could that mean? In order to sell us a favor, will the person trying to get close to us appear and convince the retailers? And that this person is only a pawn that is following orders and can be discarded at any moment?*

*I see---if we trust the person, they will be getting close to us, and if we raise our suspicion, will they abandon the plan? But of course, perhaps they only want us to lose face, yet...* I had a feeling that Elmesia's prediction would come true. Diablo seemed to think such a possibility was high as well. He had been pondering with a chilling smile.

"I don't really understand something that complicated, but do you know who is behind all this? Could it be---a member of the Western Nation Council is trying to test us?" Benimaru asked.

His rude tone did not upset Elmesia as a smile emerged on her face.

"I'm not sure about it either. After all, our dynasty was never part of the council. But---if it's that mister over there, surely, he has learnt something, hasn't he?"

Elmesia turned her eyes to a certain direction, in her line of sight was Myourmiles who had been pondering by himself.

"Eh, were you talking about me?"

He seemed rather nervous upon being appointed. Soon enough though, he regained composure and spoke up in a rather troubled tone:

"I did hear some rumors. Apparently in private, there is a sub-committee that runs the entire western nations. They seem to be some high-ranked ruler among the council... But that's just a rumor. After all, each council member is representative of their nation, all of them are nobles and all of their identities are verified."

According to Myourmiles, there seemed to be some rumor among the merchants. They claimed there to be a group of dominators at the center of power. Myourmiles said that such rumors were no different from conspiracy theories, and that he personally did not believe them...

![break]

"---If any suspicious personnel come up to mediate... I shall investigate his activities and expose his background," Souei kneeling next to me said.

I didn't even realize he was there...

I suppressed my shock and nodded rather pretentiously.

"You scared me. You didn't even make a sound."

"I've told you before, your Majesty. The residents here are far too inhuman, visiting here yourself is far too dangerous."

"Kukuku, but that was quite the intriguing experience. By the way, Rimuru-san, could I ask you a question?"

*Hmm? What does she want to know at this point?*

"Right, ask away?"

"I would like to form an alliance with you, but before that, I would like to hear your thoughts---"

The aura emitted by Elmesia suddenly changed. She was looking straight at me without any intention of hiding her prowess as a ruler. An immense pressure ensued that was almost suffocating for everyone at the scene, even Gazel was no match for her. This was---'Hero's Haki'.

"Do tell---"

Given this to be the case, I began to use my 'Demon Lord's Haki' against her as well. We stared at each other to battle it out with our sights. I wished to confront her directly, so I did not flinch as I looked right at Elmesia.

"What do you plan to do with that demon? That most dangerous primordial---"

*Primordial? Although I'm not sure what Elmesia is on about, was the demon referring to Diablo? He's indeed strong, but he's definitely not "most dangerous," right...*

"Nothing, I'm not planning to do anything. Diablo has been very satisfying working under me, is there a problem?"

"...Allow me to ask differently then. If that demon loses control, how do you plan to take responsibility?"

*Lose control?* He did concern me with that. Even this had been seen through by Elmesia, you could tell just how concerned I had been. Indeed, it wouldn't be strange for Diablo to lose control at any time. But that wasn't just a problem unique to Diablo. Despite my unwillingness to admit, I also have the troubled child that is Shion. She seemed to be concerned about me, but that was probably no problem for Elmesia-san to take care of.

"Well, about that, I will stop him before he loses control. That's all I can do to prevent casualties, isn't it?"

*If there's any other way, please enlighten me.* I could only try to intervene before he lost control. Diablo seemed rather happy that I said so.

*No, you are just one of my problematic children. What should I do now that you are so happy...* I wasn't the only one confused.

"Huh? Eh---hold on? Ignore my accidental transformation back to my own self, but did you just say you are going to stop that demon? And take responsibility?"

"Right. He's indeed quite prone to losing control, but lately he's been listening to my words and has been better behaving lately," I answered with confidence.

Diablo and Shion, if they kept where they were right now, there shouldn't be anything to worry about. Although Shion said so seemingly excluding herself, it made me uneasy... But all in all, there shouldn't be any concern. Hearing my answer, a girlish smile emerged on Elmesia's face.

"Eh, Elalude-chan, did you hear? Demon Lord Rimuru's got some bearing, he's got a lot more grandeur than you!"

Elalude's wrinkles increased several-fold. *Surely you had your share of hard time as well, serving a master so free-spirited*---I comforted him internally.

"Isn't this enough, Elmesia-dono. Rimuru has spoken, he has my support as well. If anything happens, I, Gazel Dwargon promise to lend Rimuru my aid."

Showing a sense of reliance I had not seen for a long time, Gazel verbally supported me.

Elmesia peeked at us pleasantly. And next---

"I've understood your view on the matter. But if you are to stand against humanity, I shall stop you with all I have. I hope that we will be able to maintain a good relationship and deepen the bond between our nations. Elalude---"

"Yes ma'am!"

"I've approved the alliance between Sorcerer's Dynasty Sarion and Jura Tempest Federation. Go handle the rest of the procedure."

"Yes ma'am---!"

As expected from an emperor. The way she ordered Elalude was filled with majesty. *I need to pick up a thing or two from her.*

"Then, if anything goes wrong, just come find me or Gazel-chan. Don't you lose control now," Elmesia said to me.

*I don't get it. Weren't we just talking about Diablo and Shion losing control? And somehow the topic landed on me. Telling me not to lose control... How rude.*

"I mean, despite how I look, I'm very considerate when doing planning! Don't put it that way as if I'm gonna lose control that easily---"

"Rimuru, who was it that started this festival?"

Gazel was staring at me. If you asked me, I could only answer, "Me of course".

"I think it's Myourmiles-kun?"

"Huh, that's not true at all!"

He didn't want to comply...

"Okay, fine. I get it, I'll negotiate with people properly next time."

"That's the spirit, I'll be counting on you."

"Normally this is not something we'd say to a king of another nation, but you are an exception. So don't blame us."

If they talked too much, it would interfere with our politics, Gazel claimed. But I really didn't seem to agree with many ideas in this world, I hoped I'd be able to discuss these with them. This was not a matter of good or bad timing, but dependent on whether Gazel and the rest felt necessary. It was nothing bad for me. I was lucky to get the two nations' support against the cultural destruction of the angels.

![break]

After solving the money issue, the conference somehow became a gathering to scold me. But I'd let it pass. The hard topic was over. Now that I'd had my agreement with Elmesia, we would be building a good relationship between our nations in the future. I had no intention of discussing it with her, yet this unexpected encounter yielded great progress.

I was going to dismiss the conference just before Elmesia wanted to continue. She looked at me very seriously, seemingly in a hurry. Unsure as to what she wanted, I asked nervously as well.

"Eh, is there any other problem?"

"No no no, no problem at all! It's a personal request... Please introduce me to Master Yoshida!"

"Hold on, your Majesty, what are you on about now! That's just shameless to ask right now!"

And I thought she had some terribly challenging favor. *I see how it is.* Seeing how panicked Elalude looked, I imagined it was nothing severe. Yoshida-san came to our nation at the request of Shuna. Right now, he was contributing his culinary abilities for us, and I had not asked him what he planned to do after the festival, either. I personally hoped that he would remain in our nation, but that ultimately depended on Yoshida-san. If it was just introducing him to Elmesia, that shouldn't be a problem.

"Easy peasy. But, please don't force Yoshida-san to do anything," I answered Elmesia without hesitation.

"That is most certain!"

Elmesia was happy to accept as well, we would introduce them after the celebration.

![break]

And so, the "Meeting of the Big Three" quietly concluded.
