# Epilogue: Rage

It was a scene that could only be described as a monster Armageddon. No, that was no joke. Because it could only be described that way. Two dragons were fighting in a fierce battle. Although not the same shape, they were both the same size.

'Scorch Dragon' Velgrynd's true nature was a very refined and beautiful form. It was more agile than Veldora, and its silhouette seemed to be suitable for flying in the sky. I wondered what kind of battle would be fought...

Even though it was late at night, the sky was unusually bright. The Great Jura Forest was all ablaze, the curtain of night reflecting a hazy red. The capital 'Rimuru' had been evacuated inside the labyrinth, so it was not damaged, but if it had been left outside, it would have been obliterated without a trace. As proof of this, the great gate connecting the labyrinth to the outside world was also destroyed. Most likely, the upper floors of the labyrinth were devastated. The battle had reached a stalemate.

Velgrynd had to cancel the 'Parallel Existence'. It was difficult to realize based on the devastation of the forest, but the forces of the two sides were actually well-controlled. Despite the fact that this was a clash of extreme energies, it was a very sophisticated battle. In terms of speed, the two were evenly matched. Veldora had also grown remarkably well, and his highly controlled powers enabled him to fly at very high speeds. He was holding his own against Velgrynd.

It seemed that Veldora had been training secretly, and the results were evident. From what I could see, Veldora was slightly ahead of Velgrynd. If we compared only the total amount of magicules, Veldora was superior. The amount of power had increased since his time of being sealed, and he had also acquired some Skills. This was the reason for the result. Even so, I could not shake off my anxiety. Because Velgrynd still had the advantage when it came to mana control. Now that Velgrynd was concentrating on Veldora, the battle was just beginning. Even so...

Rudra's calm demeanor was worrisome. How could he be so calm without Velgrynd, who was supposed to be his absolute shield? In my case, the fact that I could call Veldora at any time had been my source of comfort. I knew that I could overcome any crisis situation with Veldora. Rudra was certainly strong. He was a person whom Guy acknowledged, and his domination of Yuuki was also a threat. However, I also still had an Ultimate Skill. And as I had done with Benimaru, there was still a secret technique to give power to others under my control.

To be honest, the Imperial Guardians were not a threat to us. Only five members of the 'Single Digits' and Yuuki, who were the highest ranks, were the ones we had to be wary of. Damrada especially seemed dangerous...

However, I didn't think he would be impossible to defeat. Even if Laplace was not counted in our strength, it seemed that we would be able to fight to our advantage. That was my opinion, but that only made me even more worried. I wondered why Rudra was so calm. Did he think that he had an overwhelming advantage even without relying on Velgrynd? But still, there was no reason to take that risk here. What made him so confident?

This was also of interest to me, but I was also curious about how the battle between Veldora and the others was turning out. Velgrynd launched a flame attack, which Veldora blocked with his Barrier. Then, Veldora fired a storm attack in return, but Velgrynd avoided it. It was a tremendous battle. Even I shuddered as I watched it, as if it were a mythological battle. I had never seen Veldora fight seriously before, but it was more than I expected. I never thought that Veldora could go toe-to-toe with Velgrynd, who had overwhelmed Testarossa and the others. But it was also not too surprising when you thought about it.

Veldora had mastered his Ultimate Skill, 'Investigation King Faust'. That is why he was able to compete with Velgrynd. In terms of skill-level, Velgrynd was superior. However, Veldora's 'Investigation King Faust' was a cheat-level ability. Wisdom King Raphael-san told me that his power was 'Probability Manipulation'. He also had 'Investigation of Truth', which was the highest authority of the analysis system. With this, it was possible to recognize the enemy's power immediately and to take appropriate measures.

It was even a little confusing. What was the point of combat-specialization in that case? Truth be told, I was wondering who could beat Veldora who could use his 'Investigation King Faust'. That is why I firmly believed in Veldora's victory. Even now, an invisible attack had been unleashed on Velgrynd. It was impossible to discern from the images, but it looked as if Velgrynd had suddenly been damaged.

But I knew. This was one of Veldora's special moves, called 'Storm Blast'. He had boasted about it a lot, but now that I actually saw it, I was impressed. At a glance, Veldora released multiple types of waves that seemed meaningless, and then made them intersect at expected coordinates. This was the point where the effect finally came into play. By the time one realized it, it would already be too late. After all, if you have already been hit, there is no way to avoid or defend against it. Well, he seems to have developed a crazy technique.

Each wave seemed to have no meaning, which was why they were subconsciously ignored. If one didn't know it, they would definitely be hit, and it was a deadly attack. Velgrynd was also hit by a direct attack of Storm Blast. Veldora was fighting masterfully and I felt relieved. However...

Just when I was sure that Veldora would win, things began to change rapidly. And then things took a turn for the worse...

![break]

Suddenly, a flying ship appeared in the combat airspace. A man in a different military uniform stood at the bow of the ship. It was Lieutenant Kondou. I turned my eyes to the other image in a hurry, but Kondou and his crew were not there anymore. The ritual had ended when Velgrynd had released 'Parallel Existence'. I had lost my composure to the extent that I did not notice it.

![break]

<<Report. Forbidden spell Dead Birthday completed approximately one minute ago.>>

![break]

It was only a minute, however, it was still a whole minute. In that time, Kondou had come to the area where Veldora and Velgrynd were fighting. I had a bad feeling about this. Not knowing what they were up to made my heart beat faster than it should. At that moment, another figure appeared on the bow of the airship. He looked exactly the same as the man who was sitting in front of me right now. Masayuki...? No, not that!

"Parallel Existence?"

By the time I realized it, it was too late. What happened next occurred in the blink of an eye, before I could do anything to stop it. Kondou shot Veldora with the pistol in his right hand. There was no way that a bullet would work against Veldora, a 'True Dragon' which was the strongest race in the world. Yet before such a thought could even flash through my mind, the bullet pierced Veldora at an unbelievable speed. It exceeded the speed of sound and reached sub-light speed. The bullet pierced Veldora's body, but did not penetrate. And then, it released the evil power. Veldora began to suffer pain. Normally, his wounds would recover immediately, but this moment was fatal. Rudra, in the image screen, held out his hand towards Veldora.

"Let me tell you something. This is called the Regalia Dominion. An absolute power over all who possess a will. Not even the True Dragon race can escape my dominion."

As soon as he said this, Rudra stood up from his seat. He was about to leave, as if he had achieved his goal.

"Hey, wait..."

"Huh, I thought we had an agreement. I'm no longer interested in you, but if you decide to join me, I will show you a new world."

Rudra didn't care about me. And it seemed that the Rudra here was an imposter created by Velgrynd's 'Parallel Existence'. They shared the same consciousness, but it meant that defeating him was meaningless. From the beginning to the end, I had been rolling in the palm of Rudra's hand. It was my complete defeat.

"Don't underestimate Veldora."

I said so, feeling like a sore loser. Rudra told me a cruel fact, uncaring about what was going on in my mind.

"As expected of the True Dragon. It took me longer than I thought to get a grip on him, but he is finally under my complete control!"

Rudra was telling the truth. Soon after, I felt a pain in my chest. A pain so intense that even my Pain Nullification was ineffective. It was as if something was trying to pull my very soul out of me.

![break]

<<Notice. Master and the individual Veldora's 'Soul Corridor' has been destroyed. This means that the 'Storm Dragon Summon' and 'Storm Dragon Restoration' abilities of the Ultimate Skill 'Storm King Veldora' will no longer be available.>>

![break]

I was appalled at being told the cause of the pain. What? Taking Veldora from me? To take...Veldora...from me...?

"Don't joke around, damn it!"

I shouted and lashed out at Rudra. Godspeed---the fastest I could go right now. But Rudra didn't even try to avoid me. He didn't have to. My fist sailed through the air. Rudra had deactivated 'Parallel Existence', and eliminated the now-useless Rudra.

"So that's your answer? Well, what a shame. I'd have liked to have you under my command, but it seems that won't be the case. My ability is not all-powerful, so I'm afraid it will be hard to 'dominate' again."

"What...?"

"In exchange for quality time, I will give you a little more time to think. In any case, you were trapped the moment we called you to this place known as the fortress of dreams. Let us hope that you will voluntarily surrender."

With these words, Rudra disappeared. As if on cue, Rudra's men also 'transferred' away. I was unable to pursue them, feeling a fierce sense of loss and intense rage.

"Don't fuck with me..."

This was all the result of my own carelessness. I had meant to take them by surprise, but instead I fell into their trap. I had been wary of Laplace, but my opponent had already anticipated that, and had devised an insidious scheme. As Rudra's words suggested, they had been aware of this as soon as we had entered this place. This distorted and isolated space.

Just getting out of here would have been enough, but there should always be something I could do. Such thoughts must have led me to be careless without knowing it. I had thought I was being careful...but the enemy was just one step ahead of me. This was a war. I couldn't win every time. I knew that without being told.

"Damn it!"

I screamed and punched myself in the face. No pain. Only the pain in my heart, which was tearing apart and becoming even more intense.

"Please stop, Rimuru-sama!"

Shion's words fell on deaf ears. A second hit, a third.

And just when I was about to strike a fourth time...

Shion, who was standing behind me, stopped me. Not just Shion, but Benimaru, Souei, and Diablo had all rushed to hold me down in a panic.

"---I'm sorry. My head was spinning and I got a little carried away. Impatience is a bad habit of mine. Thanks to you guys I was able to regain my composure."

I was lying. Rising up one by one, rage poured out of me. Still, I stood up, forcing myself to calm my raging thoughts. Even after indulging my anger and beating myself as hard as I could, my face remained clean. Before even Shion and Benimaru could react, Wisdom King Raphael-san had activated self-defense.

I was reminded once again that everyone was watching over me. That is why I just couldn't forgive myself. To make up for this sense of loss, I was filled with an unceasing torrent of rage. I didn't know where to direct this anger. Ah, I remember now. This was a war.

In that case, it would be wrong to show mercy. So I, too, would do everything in my power to fight the enemy. Was this taking my anger out on them? Perhaps. But so what? The Empire pissed me off. If this is what they desired, then I would give it to them. A blessing in the name of destruction. Those fools had touched my reverse scale. I allowed my rage to unleash the power I had always suppressed.