# Interlude 2: The Heavenly|Game

This is a record of the war. A heavenly game that had played out over many years. It was a battle of supremacy on earth between a demon lord and a brave warrior. However---

For 'Scorch Dragon' Velgrynd, such games were meaningless. She was not interested, so it did not matter to her who won. She thought it would be better to fight directly to decide who was the winner rather than participating in such troublesome games. However, the direct confrontation between Guy and Rudra was still unsettled, even though they had fought many times. That is why this game was started, with the only rule being 'no direct confrontation'. Although she couldn't complain about it, Velgrynd was still dissatisfied with the game.

To begin with---if she was being honest---she thought this game was disadvantageous. Guy's only chance to beat Rudra was with Velzard, and conversely, if she could manage to defeat Velzard, they would win the game. The same could be said for Guy. There is no one who could defeat Guy except for Velgrynd. Nevertheless, Velgrynd thought that it would be difficult for her to beat Guy. Velzard had a chance to beat Rudra, but she herself would have trouble defeating Guy. That was the reason why Velgrynd thought this game was disadvantageous.

*Alas, it's such a pain in the ass.*

That was the truth. Velgrynd, who disliked elaborate stratagems, was not good at the meticulous actions that had taken hundreds of years to prepare. Therefore, she left everything to Rudra and simply followed his lead. Nevertheless, as long as Rudra wanted to win, Velgrynd was willing to cooperate. She would fight if she was called upon to do so. He would take a lot to make sure that Velzard could be taken down.

Guy was undoubtedly the strongest demon lord, and her sister the 'Frost Dragon' Velzard, was the worst type of match-up for Velgrynd. They were like natural enemies, and it would be difficult to win in a head-to-head match. If Velzard and Velgrynd fought, at best they would fall together, and at worst Velgrynd would be forced to reincarnate.

No, even that was just an optimistic speculation. Velgrynd's attribute was heat. In contrast, Velzard's attribute was ice. In other words, they represented the opposing factors of 'acceleration' and 'deceleration'. If the two were to fight seriously, the result would be disastrous. Neither side would survive and both sides would fall. In other words, there was a strong possibility that both of them would be wiped out. In that case, both would be reincarnated, but their current selves would be lost. While they would inherit memories, they would become different people.

Velgrynd was afraid of this. It did not matter if she disappeared, but she did not want to lose her love for Rudra. Velgrynd couldn't help but laugh at herself for clinging obsessively to such a trivial emotion as love. A complete victory was the prerequisite for the safety of herself and Rudra. That is why she needed insurance. However, this insurance had been difficult to deal with.

*Really, that guy is such a pain in the ass, isn't he? It seems he was lucky enough to be unsealed, but why doesn't he come to say hello?*

Velgrynd, not realizing that she was greatly feared, was frustrated with her 'insurance' Veldora. If this was the Veldora that Velgrynd knew, he would have already begun rampaging all around the world. However, he seemed to have become very close with the new demon lord. When she heard that he had even joined the Walpurgis, she suspected that he had gone crazy after being sealed for so long. Still, she did not think that Veldora, who loved chaos, would remain silent before an army of a million. That is why she was sure he would come out, but the result was surprising. Even then, he had remained hidden in the depths of the labyrinth and did not show himself. This was unexpected for Velgrynd.

*That kid really does whatever he wants---but why didn't he come out this time?*

As was the case on the last expedition, Veldora did not like to have his territory invaded. It was believed that an encounter with Veldora would be inevitable after the invasion of the Great Jura Forest. And that was exactly what Rudra wanted. For Rudra, what's important was not a strong army but rather individuals who transcend their limits. Last time, the few who survived had succeeded in evolving. Surrounded by resentment, fear, and despair---Only those who did not lose hope under such extreme circumstances could break through the chains of humanity and reach a higher realm.

Even if an army of a million were to be annihilated, it was still profitable if a few were awakened. This was Rudra's opinion, and Velgrynd agreed with it. The reason why he did not disclose the detailed information from the intelligence was to motivate the corps commanders by misleading them. From Velgrynd's point of view, the confidence of the corps commanders was even comical. The chances of the plan working were slim. Or rather, it could even be said there wasn't a chance at all. It was impossible to defeat Veldora with an army that had been reinforced by science. Therefore, there would be many deaths this time as well. But that is what gave them hope.

*Fufufu, I wonder how many will survive and awaken this time. The more people who will be on the receiving end of Rudra's power, the greater the chance of winning. I am looking forward to it.*

Velgrynd thought as such, but was left speechless by the unexpected result of the expedition.

![soft scene break]

"All wiped out?"

"Hmph, I was surprised too. It's been a long time since I've seen that look on your face."

"Please don't joke. I did not expect such a heavy defeat to the extent that no one survived. In that case, we have failed in our goal to acquire those who awakened."

Allowing the generals gain as much experience as possible, and then gain at least one powerful being into the Imperial Knights. The hidden purpose of the expedition was to bring out the awakened beings from among them. And yet, there were no survivors.

It was a story on a level even worse than if Veldora had destroyed them. The possibility of human evolution would increase only if one could survive and taste the despair of touching a portion of the most powerful force in this world. It was an expedition with a large army just for that purpose, but it was meaningless if there were no survivors. Moreover, it seemed that several Imperial Knights who had been embedded in the expedition had all disappeared. This was just a waste of precious resources and overall a great loss.

"Well, that's how it is."

Rudra's reply was curt. Velgrynd was dissatisfied with this, but stopped being angry when she looked into Rudra's eyes. There was an intense frustration in his eyes. Velgrynd realized that Rudra felt the same way. And so, Velgrynd changed her mindset.

The loss of a legion did not matter to Velgrynd. It would have been a great achievement if an awakened person was born, but it did not matter if they failed, as it was in this case. That said, they could not ignore the existence that had made this happen. If one million soldiers of the Imperial Army had been annihilated, the strength of the opponent could not be underestimated. They had to know who did it.

"So, did that kid (Veldora) do it this time, too?" Velgrynd asked, regaining her composure.

Velgrynd had been completely oblivious to Veldora's rampage. However, there had been a report that Veldora had destroyed the 20,000 troops of Farmus' army. At that time, the information bureau had not been able to obtain detailed information, but this time was different. Everything should be known, and Velgrynd, the 'Marshal', would be informed shortly. The reason why Rudra knew first was because of his power. Therefore, Velgrynd waited for Rudra's answer with great confidence.

In Velgrynd's estimation, it was unlikely that her chaotic brother would miss the opportunity to go on a rampage. She expected that if she attacked with an army of a million men, Veldora would surely come out. In that case, she was planning to observe Veldora's power. Following those thoughts, she would be able to confirm whether he could control his youki to a degree that he could make himself imperceptible. Veldora's growth was a joy for Velgrynd. Although he was a foolish little brother, Veldora was a lovable presence to Velgrynd. However, he was also a nuisance.

*We cannot let him join Guy's side, and must make him an ally in any case*---Velgrynd thought as such, and was always thinking of how to do so. It was very important for Velgrynd to know how Veldora was progressing. However, she had no idea how much Veldora had grown.

"That is not the case. And, surprisingly, we don't have a detailed picture of the situation."

Rudra told Velgrynd everything he knew. He began with the heavy defeats of the first battle, then continued with the fact that the troops who entered the labyrinth did not return, and finally he spoke of the great magical sweep of the city. There was also the awakening of Calgurio and the outcome of the battle. And how the Armored Corps were defeated, exactly as it had been seen.

"You must be lying, right?"

"It's true. All four of the remaining 'primordials' were helping on Demon Lord Rimuru's side. If those demons are going to run rampant, then your brother will have no place in it."

"The balance of the game has been shifted. Is Guy upset about this? Or is this just what he wants?"

"Well, perhaps. If this is what Guy wants, we have to admit that the situation has become overwhelmingly unfavorable."

Rudra chuckled with a bitter smile. Over the years, they had built up their forces and prepared for the best timing. Remain patient, do not be reckless, and fight steadily. And yet, in the blink of an eye, someone had amassed an unimaginable force. It was a small entity that had not even been considered---the "newbie" Rimuru.

*Now there is no choice but to admit it*---Velgrynd thought as such, and was secretly determined to fight.

"So, when you said you didn't have a detailed picture of the situation, did you mean that you couldn't figure out what was going on inside the labyrinth?"

"Fufu, yes, that's right. It is a pity that even with my power, I am unable to break Ramiris' power."

Hearing his answer, Velgrynd was convinced. 'Fairy of the Labyrinth' Ramiris was an untouchable being. She was not a referee of the game, and she was definitely not involved on the board. That is, until now. This time, she was completely in favor of Demon Lord Rimuru. It had nothing to do with the game with Guy, but she was going to deal with the Empire that had invaded the Great Jura Forest.

Ramiris herself was not very powerful. Velgrynd also thought that Ramiris herself was negligible and would have no effect on the game. However, the power of her 'Labyrinth Creation' must have had the effect of blocking information inside and outside. Velgrynd felt like clicking her tongue at such a troublesome power.

"Ramiris must have lost her 'mediator' powers, right?"

"Yes, that's right. That one's labyrinth seems to be the best place to hide secrets, though we had neglected it until now because it was not a threat. Until now, I have been able to see through the eyes of Bernie and Jiwu..."

"Suddenly you can't see them anymore?"

Rudra nodded in agreement.

"It was probably a ploy to catch me off guard."

"So that's what you're saying. If that's true, then this is trickier than I thought..."

Velgrynd also understood the gravity of the situation. In other words, they didn't know what had happened in the labyrinth. Normally, one would think that Veldora had done something, but it felt to Velgrynd that there was more to it than that.

"The problem is that there are several powerful beings hiding in the labyrinth. The most prominent one is your brother, though I wonder how much he has been tamed by this newcomer..."

"I don't think he would follow someone else's orders quietly, given his personality. Not to mention, I doubt one would be able to bind him with a Skill, either."

Although they had heard that he was cooperating with Demon Lord Rimuru, Veldora was not the kind of person who would do anyone's bidding. He even defied the words of Velgrynd and Velzard, his sisters, so she was sure that it would be impossible for him to follow someone else by force. If that was the case, did this mean that Demon Lord Rimuru had prepared something that could bend Veldora to his will? Velgrynd thought about this and tried to imagine what it could be. But nothing came to mind.

*If such a thing existed, we wouldn't have had to go through all this trouble. Perhaps we should ask Demon Lord Rimuru directly?*

In the end, Velgrynd gave up thinking.

"I guess we'll have to hear it from his own mouth to be sure."

Hearing Velgrynd's mutterings, Rudra also laughed.

"I guess so. I'm glad to see that you came to the same conclusion I did."

The demon lord named Rimuru had become a presence they could not ignore. Considering the means by which he had taken the 'primordials', they could be sure that he had Veldora at his beck and call somehow. If so, they decided that it was necessary to turn him away from Guy's side.

"Now would be a good time to make a move. Now that our plan has failed, Guy may be caught off guard. I don't doubt that the long-winded demon lord will wait for the next opportunity."

"Indeed. All this time, you've been so cautious, taking no chances. It's not a bad idea to make a move at once here, putting aside any hesitation."

Velgrynd was delighted. Rudra was determined to settle the score with Guy. The time for quiet was over. Velgrynd's move on this occasion would give her a chance to take control of Veldora at once. With this momentum, she would destroy the new demon lord named Rimuru and head for an all-out confrontation with Guy.

"Fufufu, you can count on me. I'll go out there and let loose, and then all you'll have to do is pick up the pieces. I believe in you, Rudra."

"Of course. As long as we have Veldora, whatever happens next is out of the question. Tatsuya seems to have come up with an interesting plan, so that should make up for our failure this time."

If she challenged them head on, even the most troublesome primordials would be no match for Velgrynd, a True Dragon. It would be troublesome if they ran out of control later, so if they defied them, they would just have to clean them up together.

*There might be others that could be a problem, but as long as I'm personally involved, it doesn't matter.*

Velgrynd exuded confidence.

"Shall I make some fools bleed as a warm-up?"

Those who disobeyed Rudra were arrogantly gathering around. They have kept them at bay until now, but that would end today. The fools who planned the coup d'état against the Emperor would have had no choice but to die. Velgrynd thought so and said as such, but Rudra grinned and shook his head. Then, he gave a surprising answer.

"I want them alive, not dead."

"Well, that's unusual. I would have thought you would have given them a quick and painless death."

"No, Tatsuya's plan requires it. He wants to start another big battle to get Guy's attention."

"That's very much like Kondou. I wouldn't have imagined he would use a traitor for his own gain."

"You don't like it? Well, Tatsuya's plan is certainly not humane. But its reasonableness is unquestionable."

Velgrynd nodded vaguely to Rudra as he spoke. It didn't matter to Velgrynd how outrageous the plan was. She just wanted to bring down heaven's punishment with her own hands. Velgrynd loved Rudra, but that did not mean that she loved humans. She did not hate them, and she did not want to destroy them, but she just could not forgive the fools who betrayed Rudra.

*Well, fine. If it helps Rudra, I'll let it slide.*

Satisfied, Velgrynd urged the conversation to go on.

"So, what is Kondou's plan?"

"We'll get to that later, but first, we need to review our current strategy."

Hearing this, Velgrynd immediately understood Rudra's intentions.

"Oh, yeah. Now that we are in this situation, there is no point in having a two-sided strategy."

"That's right. Let's withdraw the operation and put off the attack on Luminas until later."

"Once you and I convince Veldora, we can take care of the rest. I'll call Gladium and the others back so they won't get in the way."

"Can you do that for me?"

"Yes, of course. Let's continue to crush the rebels and take Dwargon as well. That way we can deceive Guy's eyes."

With that conversation, the strategy planning between the two ended. Velgrynd rose to her feet. It was the first time in thousands of years that she had made a serious move. And so, the curtain rose on what would become known as 'The Purge of the Red Lotus'.