# Prologue: The Clowns'|Decision

The news had not yet reached the Empire, but that was ignorant bliss for the subjects of the Empire. After all, the Imperial generals who were meant to invade the Western Nations through the Great Jura Forest---in other words, their beloved family members---were all helplessly slaughtered. With an army of nearly a million men, defeat had been unthinkable. No one doubted that they would accomplish their long cherished dream of conquering the West and establish a completely unified nation under the name of Emperor Rudra. The Great Jura Forest was a daunting obstacle, but now that the evil dragon Veldora had been weakened, there was nothing to fear. It was supposed to be that way.

![break]

...The invasion campaign of the Imperial Army, considered by many to be the most powerful of all time under the reign of His Majesty the Emperor, had finally begun.

![break]

At least, this was the general impression of the subjects, but no one had expected a tough fight, let alone defeat. None of them could have ever imagined that they would not reach the Western Nations or that their invasion army would be destroyed at the Great Jura Forest. However, the Imperial Army had been annihilated without achieving anything. The unforeseen impediment that was the Jura Tempest Federation would serve as a reminder to these subjects of how vast the world truly was. It wouldn't be long until the subjects of the Empire knew of these facts.

![hard scene break]

At the Mixed Corps headquarters in the Imperial City. People gathered in secret in a luxurious room allocated to the corps commander. Currently present was Yuuki, the room's owner and the head of the Moderate Clown Troupe, followed by Kagali, Laplace, Teare, and Footman. There was also Misha, one of the three heads of Cerberus. Vega was not participating in the meeting as he was on a mission with his Magic Beast Corps.

In the meantime, Laplace and Misha finished their reports. Upon hearing the reports, Yuuki couldn't help but smile bitterly. Although he had thought about the situation and made various predictions, the result was still unexpected. It was too overwhelming and much quicker than expected. The results of Rimuru and his men's military victory were so great that it was now necessary to rethink the whole plan. What was most astonishing was the extent to which Demon Lord Rimuru's power had increased.

"To think...that they would defeat such a large army so easily. I expected that they would win, but to have zero casualties on Rimuru-san's side is something else."

"It's unbelievable. That army would have been able to go toe-to-toe with the force of three demon lords at the same time..."

"Nah, compared to the ten great demon lords, the strength of the 'Octagram' is far superior. Even if Guy is a special case, Luminas and Dagruel have been competing for supremacy for a long time, haven't they? Leon's power is well known to you, and even Milim, who was famous for not having any subordinates, has Karion and Frey who were both former demon lords. I think only Ramiris and Dino are the outliers."

Kagali refuted Yuuki's words, but as he explained the situation to her, she became convinced. Indeed, the situation was different from the time when Kagali was a demon lord. The assumption went without saying for Guy.

Milim was now the ruler of the vast territory south of the Great Jura Forest. Luminas and Dagruel had always been very powerful, and their might had never been reduced by the war against the angels. Aside from exceptions like Leon, they were incomparable to the new demon lords when Kagali was a demon lord. Even for the demon lords who had gathered a good number of followers, it depended on their luck whether they could survive or not. The same was true for 'Curse Lord' Kazalim, aka Kagali. That was why he had sought to be wise and form alliances with other demon lords. He had tried everything he could to stay alive.

*The 'Bloody Lord', Roy Valentin, was only a body double, and the god Luminas was actually the demon lord. But even that, Luminas has not been able to win the power struggle with Dagruel. I envied those who have power, unlike us. Karion and Frey are smart. I should have been smarter. Had I done so, I wouldn't have caused everyone so much grief and we wouldn't have lost Clayman...*

In retrospect, there was no point in forcing many majin to be under one's command. No matter how many majin you have, that army would be meaningless against those who have a certain level of strength. This was clearly shown by Clayman's failure. What Kagali and her group really should have done was to increase the number of people with whom they could talk frankly.

*Well, that's all in hindsight now. It's difficult to trust others when we've been repeatedly deceived.*

Yes. If she had not met Yuuki, Kagali would still be resenting the world today.

*No use crying over spilled milk,* Kagali changed gears and put her regrets behind her.

![break]

The conversation continued without regard for Kagali's internal feelings.

"By the way, I guess you had a tough time, Laplace."

"You're tellin' me... I had a hell of a time once again." Laplace agreed, looking exhausted.

"Hahaha. You were fighting for about ten days?"

"Yeah, that Treyni girl has become crazy strong. If I'd lost focus for a second, much alone let down my guard, I woulda been done for. What's more, we fought in the woods. The odds were against me, so I think I did my best there, no?"

Laplace's gripes went on for a long time. He had brought that on himself for acting so suspicious, but for once, he seemed to have had a bit of an opinion. Yuuki soothed Laplace for a moment and continued.

"At any rate, they believed you in the end, didn't they?"

"They tied me up so tight that I couldn't even resist. The executives' of Demon Lord Rimuru were watchin' me, and I can't say that they believed me after goin' to that length."

Even so, Laplace deserved credit for being able to negotiate and bring back the information.

"I'm surprised they let you go in one piece."

"I heard that Demon Lord Guy gave him the slip. Rather than trustin' the boss, he was trying to take advantage of the situation."

If they had remained explicitly hostile, there was no way that the captured Laplace would have been released. Before that, Laplace would never have gotten involved. Laplace finished his complaints. Yuuki was relieved, but he couldn't relax just yet.

"I had the same feeling as Laplace-dono. This time was really exhausting. My role was to agitate the commander of Calgurio's army and prolong the war. I fully understood that, but in the middle of the war, I seriously offered to withdraw. When it was rejected, I even thought of running away, even if I had to kill that man." Misha continued bitterly.

But by the time she had advised them of this, it was too late. Misha was only able to escape because Yuuki had been in a cooperative relationship with Rimuru. If not for that, she would have been killed by Diablo by now.

"Well, we were lucky. I'm glad Rimuru-san is a man of his word."

"By the way, that Rimuru slime is crazy. From what I remember, there should have been some fierce fighters among those belonging to the Armored Corps who could rival the Demon Lords."

"There were."

"That's right, there were. They were taken care of by his subordinates before Demon Lord Rimuru came out, though."

Misha explained in dismay that even the dreaded demon peer had joined Rimuru's crew. Misha herself was not very realistic in her explanation. How could such a supreme-level demon, who is unbounded by anything, obey a single demon lord?

"What shocked me was that two 'Single Digits' were killed in front of my eyes as if they were guinea pigs. Frankly speaking, it was foolish to challenge such a monster."

Although he concluded his speech, everyone was in disbelief. Yuuki switched the topic to change the mood that was about to become too heavy.

"Bernie and Jiwu's identities were also a surprise. It was a frustrating experience for me to see that I have been dancing in the palm of Damrada's hand up until now."

Those were Yuuki's true feelings. This confirmation that Damrada was a traitor came as a shock to Yuuki and his friends. Damrada had been Yuuki's confidant, whom he had trusted for many years. Damrada was a major figure in the core of Yuuki's group. He had trusted Damrada so much that he entrusted him with the secret society Cerberus as a foothold in the Empire. The betrayal of such a person forced them to rethink their entire strategy.

Two of the strongest forces of the Empire were attached to Masayuki, who had been regarded as a pawn. This fact also proved Damrada's foresight. Damrada must have influenced Yuuki's actions for a higher vision than Yuuki's. Now that Yuuki realized this, his pride was in tatters.

"That's right. I think Clayman's outburst may have been Damrada's involvement as well."

Kagali, who had been pondering over the situation, also said as such. Yuuki nodded his head in agreement.

"I can't deny that. It's a little strange now that I think about it, that all our plans have failed. But I don't think Damrada would have benefited from that. Our power has grown because of Damrada's cooperation. If he wanted to take away our power, he should not have given it to us in the first place."

"That is the question. Damrada seemed to be fascinated with Yuuki-sama. It did not look like an act, and his loyalty seemed genuine. We have completed many projects with his help."

"As a colleague, I can say that Damrada-dono truly worked for the organization. His achievements were great and his loyalty to the boss was genuine. However, it is also true that the man has a ruthless and cold-hearted side. His rationalistic side can be seen from the fact that he is in charge of Gold. Therefore, he might have betrayed the boss for some reason."

'I can't say for sure that there is no such thing.' Misha said, however, Yuuki shook his head and replied to Misha.

"There is no doubt that Damrada betrayed us. But it is not clear if he truly meant it or not."

Yuuki smiled bitterly while muttering, 'or perhaps it was genuine betrayal'.

"I guess I agree with the boss. If it was all an act, Damrada's behavior would not make any sense."

Kagali also seemed to have come to the same conclusion as Yuuki. As soon as she said so, she started to express her opinion.

"Okay, let me explain. Master Gadra reported to us, and we realized Damrada's betrayal. The place where Gadra was killed was Emperor Rudra's castle, and standing in front of him was Lieutenant Kondou, the man who lurks in the shadows of the Empire."

"The Emperor's castle... I see. So Damrada had the status to get access in there."

Nodding at Misha's words, Yuuki added more information.

"That's right. Incidentally, from the information you brought back, I have also figured out the identity of Damrada. There are probably only a few people, other than the Emperor, who can order a 'Single Digit'."

Everyone nodded in agreement with Yuuki's words.

"I see. That's right. When you think about it, it's quite natural."

"Yes. Damrada did not betray us, but only followed the Emperor's order."

"Maybe he didn't mean it, but it doesn't really matter now, does it?"

They may or may not have been enemies of Yuuki's group from the beginning. But in this case, all that mattered was the result that Damrada was a traitor. And it was Laplace's side that was not satisfied with the betrayal.

"Surely, the boss must be right. However, if there is the possibility that Damrada manipulated Clayman, then shouldn't he be made to pay for it?"

"Right, right! Let's go over there and kill him!"

"Ho-ho-ho. Trust comes first. We don't tolerate traitors!"

Laplace aloofly suggested a purge. Teare and Footman agreed. However, Yuuki stopped them.

"Just wait. Damrada is really a high ranking member of the Imperial Guardians. You can be sure that he is more dangerous than a normal demon lord. I doubt you can beat him, right?"

"...Yeah, right. I hate to admit it, but I don't think even I could have beaten Master Gadra in my prime. If Damrada could kill Master Gadra with a single blow, even if it was a surprise attack, we should consider Damrada's ability to be quite strong."

"That's true, but..."

"Besides---I think there is a hidden message in Damrada's actions."

After a short pondering, Yuuki spoke up. Then, with a hypothetical story in mind, he began to express his thoughts.

"Damrada is a cautious man. He knows us well, and he has detailed information about Demon Lord Rimuru. A man like that would have known about the 'Resurrection Bracelet' as well."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I think Damrada was aware of the possibility of Gadra coming back to life."

"But then...no way!"

Misha also came up with the possibility that he did not kill Gadra but rather let him go.

"The last person Gadra confronted was the 'information eating monster', right? If Gadra had been left alive, he would have fallen into the hands of Lieutenant Kondou. If that had happened, all the information Gadra knew would have been extracted by any means possible."

"If that had happened, all of our purposes would have been revealed, right?"

"Maybe, yeah. But you know, there's something I don't understand. Gadra's silence kept Rimuru-san's information from leaking out. And as a result, the Empire suffered a major blow. I don't think Damrada caused the damage to the Empire just out of a sense of duty to us..."

Yuuki laughed, unable to explain that point. Kagali again made a comment on this point.

"Damrada's loyalty is more towards Emperor Rudra than to Yuuki-sama. There is no doubt about this. At the same time, he thinks of us as his friends. No, no. What if he was thinking that we could be of use to him, or that we could play some role?"

"Mm-hmm, go on."

"It is also possible that the defeat of the Imperial Army was in accordance with Emperor Rudra's wishes."

"That's absurd."

"That's impossible, isn't it?"

Misha and Laplace immediately denied it, but Yuuki examined their opinions with amusement.

"What purpose does Damrada have in deriving this possibility?"

"It's that simple. Mass death is an essential part of the great ritual. Just as the awakening of a demon lord requires a lot of souls, didn't Damrada and Emperor Rudra also sacrifice the Imperial Army itself?"

"It's possible. Go on."

"If so, it is no wonder that he interfered with Lt. Kondou, who was determined to win. At the same time, the meaning of his missing us is also vaguely apparent..."

Gadra had been going to warn the Emperor. This was interrupted by Damrada. If Gadra's information had reached Kondou...

The damage to the Imperial Army would not have been so great. Even before that, Rimuru's maneuvers would have taken a different form. A man of Damrada's stature could not have been unaware of this, and his actions must have been intentional. In that case, what was the purpose?

"A touchstone, perhaps?"

"Yes, I suppose so."

Kagali smiled at Yuuki's answer.

"Numerous sacrifices are tolerated in order to create a true strongman. And they were going to use us as pawns to create the strong, right?"

"Or perhaps they wanted to bring us in."

"...?"

"Clayman was not the kind of guy who would take orders from anyone but me and Kagali."

"Yeah, that's right."

"Mm-hmm."

"I'm sure of it."

"If they let Clayman go out of control like that, it seems to me that they must have used some kind of subterfuge."

"I guess so. For example, brainwashing?"

Yuuki nodded to Kagali's point.

"I think it's possible that he was 'thought induced' even if it wasn't that powerful. They may have used items like we did, or they may have a hidden Skill like Mariabell, which is a domination type Skill."

Hearing the reasoning, all of them had a hard look on their faces.

"That's a problem."

Everyone nodded at Misha's words. Yuuki looked around the group and then spoke with a smile.

"But don't worry. That kind of power is ineffective against me. I'm going to check each of you a little bit now, okay?"

They all agreed without issue. To deny it here would be to confess to being manipulated. No one could refuse Yuuki's offer to prove their innocence.

"Apparently, no one has been brainwashed. Well, I would have thought that it would be fine if no one acted alone, since we would have noticed immediately if something was wrong with their behavior."

"If you say so, I was in danger."

Laplace said after getting up from his seat and spinning around. However, Yuuki and Kagali denied it with perfect breath.

"No, no, no, you'll be fine."

"That's right. You're the only one who doesn't need to worry about that."

Hearing this, Laplace returned to his seat sulkily and began to complain.

"What the hell? You should be more concerned about me, you know."

Laplace's antics blew away the heavy air out of the room. Laughter echoed, and everyone's thoughts switched. Thankful for this, Yuuki opened his mouth as if he was trying to rearrange the situation.

"Now then, let's leave aside what Damrada is thinking. The question is, what should we do now?"

"Yes, I agree. I would like to ask Damrada how much of what we are up to has been leaked."

"Hey, hey, hey! He knows what we're up to, doesn't he?"

"I told Damrada all about my plans. It's not a question of being exposed."

"Then, shouldn't we get out of here as soon as possible?"

"But, you know, I can't say that for sure."

Currently, Yuuki's faction was based in the Empire. There were a few hideouts in the Western Nations, but they were few and far between. They could not hide there, nor could they easily find a new hiding place. Above all, there was too little time and preparation to let all of the bottom members escape.

"At the very least, it is impossible for me to run Cerberus by myself. I had to rely heavily on Damrada's processing power, and I don't even know who his subordinates are."

The other boss, Vega, was a man whose only real talent was violence. He could not be expected to do much in the way of management of the organization. Misha's statement had been based on this fact.

"I know. Cerberus is going to lose its head. Damrada's men are all gone, but the problem is the Mixed Corps. I don't want to give up this force---or rather, I don't want to lose all my bases."

You could cut your losses, but in this case, the losses were too great. There was no place in the world that would accept a hundred thousand men. They would have to leave their men behind, but if they did so, those who remained would be purged for sure. In the first place, Damrada did not seem to intend to tell the secrets of Yuuki's group.

"There are several reasons why Damrada might have kept Gadra's mouth shut, one of them being to keep Kondou from getting information about us. Perhaps Emperor Rudra's near-guard are not ironclad. Our plan of a coup d'état in the capital, I think Damrada would like us to succeed in this, wouldn't he?"

"I don't know what his intention is, but if Damrada wanted to hide us, it would be the only way to achieve his goal."

Yuuki and Kagali exchanged their opinions as if anticipating each other's thoughts. The rest of the group looked at them in puzzlement. Then, perhaps unable to hold back any longer, Laplace interrupted them.

"No, no, no, wait a minute. You know that he let Gadra go on purpose, but that's just his guess, right? If so, it's just a misunderstanding, and it's more likely that Kondou and Damrada are good friends, isn't it?"

Everyone nodded their heads in agreement, but Yuuki answered confidently, "I don't think so."

"Listen to me, okay? Our coup d'état was also the result of our deal with Demon Lord Guy. Damrada knows that. I guess he thought it was better to create chaos in the capital to deceive Guy's eyes than to interfere with our plan."

"Hmm, that's one way of thinking about it...or is it?"

"I don't understand."

"Hohoho."

Teare and Footman were already having trouble following the conversation. They had started to play with a cue ball.

"How could the Emperor's inner circle allow such chaos in the capital?"

Misha was trying to formulate her own ideas, but failed to see Yuuki and Kagali's point of view. In a way, this was just a normal reaction. After all, Yuuki and his colleagues' mindset was only for those who had absolute rationality and were willing to make any sacrifices for the sake of the goal. Moreover, it was a madness that even Misha could not understand, because it pushed Yuuki's self-interest to the maximum, and it seemed to be full of contradictions from other people's point of view. It was absurd to ask one to understand it.

"Misha, it's not that difficult. What is important is the point of view of who Damrada is wary of as his enemies. Damrada considers not Yuuki-sama or Demon Lord Rimuru, but Demon Lord Guy Crimson as his enemy from the beginning to the end. Once you get to that point, you can understand why they tolerate us running amok in the capital."

"Kondou is different. He is hostile not only to Guy, but to all those who would take revenge on the Emperor. He serves Emperor Rudra from a completely different point of view than Damrada."

Yuuki concluded that this is why there are conflicts. And Kagali also confirmed it.

"Oh well. If the boss and Kagali-sama say so, I'll just believe them."

Laplace was unenthusiastic in his assurances. Teare and Footman nodded in agreement. Misha then asked a key question.

"So, Yuuki-sama, what are your plans for the future? If Damrada turns out to be an enemy, we can't trust him, regardless of his true intentions, which is only natural. So, shall we cancel the coup d'état and go on a forced escape? Fortunately, 60 percent of the Mixed Corps is now engaged in the blockade of the Dwarven Kingdom's East city. If I can provide as much support as I can, along with the forces remaining in the capital, it will be no problem for me to take down the provincial cities. If we use that as our base..."

"The disgruntled, annexed nations of the Empire can rise up and form a great anti-imperial coalition?"

"Yes, yes. Wouldn't that be the best strategy to secure our forces and have the best chance of winning the war?"

"Not bad. There are plenty of regions oppressed by the imperial aristocracy, if you look hard enough. In such places, we can call ourselves the Liberation Army instead of the Rebel Army."

"Well, then?"

"Unfortunately, the proposal is rejected."

Misha tried to ask why, but it never came to be.

"The only way for us to survive is to make a coup d'état. Isn't that right, Damrada?"

Yuuki said so before Misha could open her mouth. Before Misha could understand what Yuuki meant, the clowns in the room were prepared to fight. Then, the closed door opened and a man entered.

"Good answer, Boss."

The man was Damrada. He was dressed as a merchant, as usual. But his presence was that of a soldier, as if he had no intention of hiding it. The air in the room became tense. Damrada's quiet voice stopped Laplace from making a sudden move.

"Don't do it. This building is already surrounded by my men."

Yuuki, who had been observing the situation, relaxed his shoulders and sank down on the sofa.

"Do you have time to talk? If so, why don't you sit down?"

"But Boss, there's no time now..."

"It's fine, it's fine. You, too. Just stay in your seat."

After urging a disgruntled Laplace to sit down as well, Yuuki looked at Damrada with a wry smile.

"So, what are you after?"

"I thought the boss might have misunderstood me. I came here to explain that I have my own reasons."

With this reply, Damrada took his seat as indicated. Laplace and the others couldn't help but snicker at his determined appearance. And then...

Yuuki and Damrada begin their question-and-answer session, leaving the others behind.

"Difficult circumstances, huh?"

"That's right. I really want you to succeed in the coup d'état, that's what I'm thinking."

"So you let Gadra go too?"

"Kukuku, so he's safe after all. I took a gamble on that one, but I thought he would survive, considering how cautious he was."

"The purpose was to keep Kondou from getting the information, right?"

"Exactly."

"I thought you were loyal to the Emperor?"

"I swore an oath, yes."

"So you have, huh? And now?"

"I've told you many times, and you may not believe me, but my allegiance is to the boss."

"But I can't trust you?"

"Of course not."

Both of them laughed and fought a battle of tongues.

"The Armored Corps has been destroyed by Gadra's information. Furthermore, the Magic Beast Corps has now left the capital. Even if the situation of the Armored Corps is reported, it will take time for them to come back. At present, the forces defending the capital are greatly reduced. The time is now, don't you think?"

"I think so. It's so convenient for us that it's almost as if we're being set up."

"That's right. We've spent years setting this up."

"Damrada, you're..."

"I am, boss. I live to defeat His Majesty Rudra. It's the only way to save him. The best way to do that is to have you take the kingdom. I haven't changed my mind, and I have arranged the situation. All that remains is for you to decide."

"Hmm."

Yuuki sniffed in a disinterested manner. Everything was going according to Damrada's plan, and he was really not happy about it. However, rejecting him was not an option either. Damrada was right, and the situation could not be more perfect. The only question was whether he should trust Damrada or not.

"Let me ask you one thing."

"Anything."

"Why did you discard Clayman without consulting me?"

Yuuki and the Moderate Clown Troupe had sworn to each other that they would never betray each other. They were the few people in this world who could be trusted. Clayman, who was one of them, had also been a dear friend to Yuuki. Kagali, Laplace, Teare, and Footman also changed their mindset when they heard Yuuki's question. They focused their eyes on Damrada and glared at him as if they would not tolerate any deception. In the midst of such a deadly atmosphere, Damrada answered calmly.

"I am not involved in the Clayman case. I have an idea of who did it, but I never expected him to resort to such measures."

There was a moment of silence until it was broken by Yuuki.

"Is it Tatsuya Kondou?"

"..."

"You seem to know a lot about Kondou. It seems that you have a lot of secrets, and it's a little too much to ask us to trust you, don't you think?"

Yuuki stated his claim to Damrada who was silent. Damrada listened to him with a distressed expression on his face. After he finished listening without making any rebuttal, he replied with a few words.

"---I cannot answer all of your questions because it is forbidden. I can only say that I do not know all of Kondou's capabilities. Nevertheless, I ask you to believe me. To save his Majesty Rudra."

As Damrada spoke those words, the clowns' cold stares penetrated him. Everyone had a look of distrust on their faces. The same was true for Yuuki. However, the current situation was not optimistic, even for Yuuki and his friends. Damrada's men were waiting outside the building, and they could not ignore the presence of Damrada's men from outside the room. Damrada must have brought with him some of the most powerful Imperial Knights. It was difficult for even Yuuki and the others to break through such an encirclement and escape.

*I can manage on my own, but I don't think we'll all make it. In that case, one of the options is to take the proposal at this moment...*

Yuuki calculated. Then he suddenly noticed Damrada's eyes staring straight at him without wavering. His eyes had not changed since they had met. Yuuki closed his eyes and began to think back. Since the time they met, Damrada had been fearless and impudent, accepting any kind of request as long as it was paid in Gold. Yet, he was a man full of contradictions, willing to invest his money for the sake of his friends.

'I am willing to make any sacrifice for the sake of those I believe in.' Damrada once said. He wondered who was reflected in Damrada's eyes at that time...

*It wasn't me. But even so, I liked those eyes...*

He called Yuuki 'boss' and pledged his loyalty to him. Damrada, however, still had a somewhat untrustworthy side to him. Thinking back on it now, he must have felt lonely. Realizing this, Yuuki opened his eyes and looked at Damrada.

"There is a lie in your words. You swore loyalty to Emperor Rudra long before you were loyal to me. That hasn't changed. Isn't that right?"

"Fufu, I'm no match for you, boss."

That murmur was an affirmation. On the contrary, it motivated Yuuki to trust the man named Damrada.

"Okay. Instead of fighting you guys here, let's make the coup d'état a success!"

No one expressed dissatisfaction with Yuuki's decision.

"I don't have a choice. If Yuuki-sama so decides, then we will obey."

"I guess so. Damrada-san, if you betray us, we'll make it right."

"I'll help you too, Laplace!"

"Ho-ho-ho. Don't forget about me."

At this moment, the clowns made their decision. They decided to trust their boss, Yuuki. There was a bond of camaraderie. Damrada was among them.